 The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 5, 2017   Dress: Lush (only $39! It comes in blush and olive, too! It is SO comfy!)–for length reference, I’m 5’6 and am wearing a size small. Also IT HAS POCKETS! EEK! I’m also in love with this crepe t-shirt dress from the same brand. Camo jacket: super old, but love this one that is nearly identical. If camo isn’t your thing, I also really love this quilted military jacket from Madewell. Sneakers: Jack Purcell. Also, have you seen these new all white Converse with the rose gold rivets?! Make sure to order some Scotchgard spray to keep them from getting dirty! Tote bag: Madewell Transport Tote–comes in lot’s of colors and sizes, too! I can’t say enough good things about their leather bags. Sunnies: sold out, but love this similar pair  Ommmmmgggoosshhhh. So, it would be an understatement to say I’m overwhelmed by the positive response of yesterday’s post. I was honestly so apprehensive about posting it. Honestly I was really biting my lip when I got up this morning and saw the comments had started to roll in. (I was up until 2am fine-tuning it, so I slept in, haha!) I know I’ve mentioned this before, but I am so, so lucky to have you guys. Needless to say, it’s been a bit of a heavy week, but it’s such an overwhelming (in a good way) feeling to know that we have built this community together and that we can all link virtual arms and work side by side to evoke change accomplish something really important. Thank you. Jumping back into regular programming–a couple other things that happened this week…  I got the new iPhone! I had been scraping by with an iPhone 6 for FAR too long, and I went for the iPhone 8 plus. The camera, you guys, is AMAZINGGGG. I’ve received some questions about it on Instagram stories and it’s important to note that the regular 8 does not have the stellar camera that the 8 plus does, so I’d really recommend going for that one if the camera is important to you. Also, I thought the giant gameboy size would bother me, but it really hasn’t been a huge adjustment! It’s also amazingly fast! Yay–great things. I’ve been on a kiwi fruit kick. I don’t know what irked me to purchase kiwi at the grocery store but I forgot how good it was. Did you know you can just slice them in half and them eat them with a spoon? You just scoop it out! Also, they have more vitamin C than an orange! So I’ve been shoveling them down to get rid of this pesky cough. I got back into OrangeTheory! I took the past week off because of my cough but I went back on Monday and it felt good to get back into the swing of things! Full disclaimer: I totally thought I would quit after the wedding but I got such AMAZING results that I’m sticking with it! Seriously, if you’re looking for something that is going to whip you into shape FAST–I cannot say enough good things!     Okay–let’s jump into today’s outfit–we’re combining two of my favorite things–ruffles, and camo jackets! YAS. I love this look because it’s kind of a riff on tomboy style but with a feminine touch (thanks to those ruffles on my dress!) I think for a lot of people, camo jackets just aren’t approachable because they feel tough, manly, and it can be hard to visualize how to style them in a classic, feminine way. (By the way, my camo jacket is like 6 years old, but this one from Bloomingdales’ affordable AQUA line is identical!) A couple tips: Pair your camo jacket with a dress, and it automatically makes it feel more feminine. Even better if that dress is on the shorter side to show off some leg, which helps compensate for the more masculine qualities of the jacket. Also, try to incorporate some feminine and/or classic elements into your look–for example, I love the look of the jacket tied around my waist because it not only accentuates it, but it also allows me to show off the ruffle details of this adorable dress. Other ideas could be adding a fun statement necklace, a cute silk scarf, or a fun heel. Going back to the dress part. This is seriously the COMFIEST dress ever. It comes in two other colors as well–a cute light blush and an olive green! I have worn this thing to death, especially during the week. It also looks A-DORABLE with my new booties as well! It’s the easiest thing to throw on and run out the door. Plus, it’s only $39! (Thirty nine!) So, on that note…maybe I should get another color too? ? I also just spotted this beautiful button-up crepe t-shirt dress from the same brand that is so beautiful–it also comes in lot’s of colors!   Last but not least, I paired with–what else? My Jack Purcell sneakers. I’m sure you haven’t noticed (?) that I’ve worn them into the ground this year. (P.S. the secret to keeping white canvas sneakers white: Scotchgard! Make sure it’s the fabric kind! They have it on Amazon!) I can’t help it though–they’re just so classic. I love styles that have withstood the test of time, and these sneakers have been iconic in every decade since their creation back in the 1930’s. Speaking of white sneakers–have you seen these new all-white Converse with the rose gold rivets!?     Shop this post:    Photos by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Lynn Walker says  October 10, 2017 at 10:45 am I love this look!  I’ve been meaning to get that tote bag, it always looks good and it goes with everything. =) 
Kristie W says  November 4, 2017 at 10:10 pm Super cute outfit! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    
Fast Free Shipping Worldwide
  
Fast Free Shipping Worldwide
 Shop Blue Heels Shoes, Saddle Bags, White Lace Cocktail Dresses, Pumps Heels Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 10, 2017     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Trench coat: London Fog at Nordstrom (First seen in this post. Also available in black!) This is by far my favorite spring buy so far (and I think it will go down in history as one of my favorite buys of 2017!) It’s got snap-in liner for extra warmth, and a detachable hood. It’s seriously the most classic coat you can own, and it’s under $200! // Shoes: Jeffrey Campbell (sold out! Ugh!) but this Sam Edelman version is literally identical, this pumps version is adorable and $80, and I also have these similar cap-toe flats that I love! // Sweater: Club Monaco (also comes in black!) If you’re also on a blush sweater kick like me–I also love this one (under $100!) with the sweet little ribbon tie in the back. This one (on sale!) is also classic, light, and perfect for spring! // Scalloped skirt: Club Monaco (I’m also obsessed with their new scalloped shorts for $89! They sell them on Shopbop too so YAY for Prime shipping!!) There’s also this adorable scalloped skirt in black and THIS PINK SCALLOPED COAT!?! Dying! // Bag: Cult Gaia (I have the large size!) I am SO EXCITED to share my first set of photos from London today! Weeeee!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 To say London was a whirlwind trip would be an understatement. (For more details see my London photo diary here!) If you missed it, I hopped across the pond for a quick two-night stay to attend an incredible event with Burberry Beauty! I’ll be doing a makeup tutorial highlighting my favorite products that I got to try (and have since replaced several things in my makeup bag!) but that’s a whole different story for another day  Basically, it went like this: Take off from Chicago Sunday evening, land in London at 7am, get to the hotel, shower, change, meet up with my friend Jessica who was also there for the event, and sprint to meet the lovely Maria from Chio photography to shoot some looks! (I figured I couldn’t miss out on the opportunity to shoot some awesome looks for you guys with London as my backdrop–right?) This was the first of three looks (get excited for the others!) we shot in London–this was at Covent Garden–the cutest little shopping area with tons of cute cafés and shops. What surprised me most about London (I had only been there once when I was 17) was that literally EVERY corner of the city is gorgeous. Now I’m envious of London bloggers because they have no shortage of beautiful places to shoot, haha! As you read in my last outfit post, I’ve developed a slight obsession with Club Monaco. Their clothing is so classic and feminine, and I feel like they’ve started producing a lot more items under $200 in the last couple of years (or maybe I just started noticing?)–so it’s reasonable, too! I posted a dressing room insta-story of this sweater + skirt before I left for London asking your “yay or nay” opinions on the pink on pink and got FLOODED with “YAYS!” which only confirmed what I knew in my heart–this was a match made in heaven! Two other major spring obsessions that I’ve been wearing over and over: this trench and these shoes! I was so bummed because they sold out during the Shopbop sale but then this morning I found THESE EXACT TWINS! Hallelujah! I wear them with everything from jeans and a tee to dresses and they make everything look so chic! The block heel is perfect because you can wear them day or night and they’re always suitable for any occasion. (I think I’m going to wear them to Shaheen’s baby shower on Sunday, too!) As for the trench, you’ve probably seen me go on and on about how wonderful it is. My favorite part about it (aside from how classic and beautiful it is) is it scores very high in the versatility category–a detachable hood and a snap-in liner for when you need the extra warmth. Because of the liner, it was much warmer than I expected and I was totally fine wearing it in 50 degree temps! Last but not least–the bag! (You saw it first here!) Neal calls it my “birdcage bag” and asks where my bird is every time I wear it. (See Instagram stories for other spring fashion staples he doesn’t understand.) But it really does add something special to anything you pair it with! Word of warning: They sell out FAST, so snap yours up before they’re gone! (I have the size large, for reference!) Okay, I’m off to shoot with my friend Julie in Lincoln Park this morning so I have to go get ready! (Also, side note–sorry I’ve been so late getting my posts up this week. Or have you even noticed? Do you really care what time my posts go up? Ugh. The to-do list. It’s too long!)
      Shop this post:    Photos by Chio Photography  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Devon says  March 10, 2017 at 9:00 am I’m obsessed with that bag!! And isn’t London the best?! I went last year and I’m already dying to go back! xo Devon Devon Hembury 
Diana Pearl says  March 10, 2017 at 10:13 am I just got this bag in the mail and I’m in love! Thank you for the packing tip on it from one of your other posts (going to bring it on a trip next week!) I love London so much, it’s my favorite city in the world. Covent Garden especially is one of my favorite spots! You look gorgeous — can’t get over the details on this sweater. Everything at Club Monaco is so so cute! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Allison Weeks says  March 10, 2017 at 10:47 am I can’t believe those shoes are so inexpensive! They look soooo much more pricey and chic <3 Haute Sauce 
Christina says  March 10, 2017 at 10:55 am Those shoes look like Chanel…and I love that they’re $120!!! Amazing. Such a cute look – love the Cult Gaia bag too  Christina | http://www.cuddlepill.com 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  March 10, 2017 at 11:24 am SO beautiful girl!! Glad you enjoyed yourself!! 
kirsten says  March 10, 2017 at 12:17 pm you look so happy! also love the bag:) 
Jennifer says  March 10, 2017 at 1:51 pm So beautiful. Looks like you had a lot of fun! Jennifer
Effortlessly Sophisticated 
Megan says  March 10, 2017 at 3:11 pm I don’t think you or this look could be cuter!  // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Molly O'Connor says  March 14, 2017 at 7:24 am Beautiful, Jess! Can’t believe you were there for such a short time- I can’t wait to see all the other looks! http://www.mollyonthemoveblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gowns For Sale, Tan Coats, Kate Spade Outlet, Red Bikinis Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 16, 2018   Hi guys! Posting this early because we’ll still be in MIAMI on Monday (a surprise trip for Neal’s 30th birthday!) and because I wanted to give you a chance to shop all the sales happening this weekend. (You know. Any holiday weekend=lot’s of sales). There are so many cute staples on sale that you’ll want to snap up to wear now and through the spring! Highlighting my favorite retailer sales below, as well as some of my favorite picks at the bottom of the post–some are at 50% off! Make sure to follow along on Instagram on our Miami trip–I’ll see you back here next week! Up to 40% off sale items! Extra 20% off all sale styles with code HAPPYDANCE 30% off entire store with code SOGOOD! (The infamous sweater blazer is back, too! In all sizes!) 50% off sale styles! 40% off entire store! (How beautiful is their trench!?) SaveSave Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Platform Black Heels, Sam Edelman Flats, Embellished Sandals, Denim Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 29, 2016   I’m wearing: Coat: Barbour Trevose Rain Coat (currently on sale–$100 off–right here! This jacket is also really similar and adorable!) and Barbour striped top (available in stores–but also love this striped top), both c/o // BTW, Other favorite Barbour jackets: The Beadnell (perfect for fall/winter), the Cavalry quilted jacket and this reversible trench coat! // Jeans: old, but similar here and here // Shoes: Keds // Sunnies: Ran Ban (they fold up, perfect for travel!) also this non-folding version (and love these, too–also foldable!) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Kelly’s wearing: Barbour Jacket in Navy (Also available here. Make sure to grab the hood, too. Kelly also loves this navy Barbour for the colder months, in case you’re looking ahead! And here’s an affordable navy version. This one, too!) and T-shirt c/o Barbour / Paige Jeans (Maternity version here) / Tommy Bahama Sandals (And love all the similar options from Madewell!/ Similar Sunglasses  You guys, I think this is my favorite photo shoot to date–ever. Kelly and I have done a lot of shoots with each other, but rarely any together–and of all of them, this one definitely takes the cake. Mitch and Neal will forever refer to them as “our engagement photos” but secretly, we think they’re just jealous. (Shhhhh…)  Recently, Kelly and I had the opportunity to do a fun shoot with one of our very favorite brands–Barbour–for a post on their blog–which came out yesterday! (Click here to go check it out and read our interview!)  We got to wear some of our favorite current Barbour items–including my fave Trevose Barbour jacket–which also comes in navy! (And yes, it was hot, I know you’re wondering. But you gotta do what you gotta do for cute photos, you know?!) Our talented friend Julie snapped these at Belmont Harbor (how amazing is she?) earlier in June and I couldn’t have been more giddy when Kelly started texting me all of them in Paris. (I probably burned up 57583384 megabytes–is that what they’re called?–of international data in one sitting, but totally worth it.)  These pictures are even more special to me than usual, because they capture a really big time in both of our lives–me, recently getting engaged, and Kelly, right before she has her first baby! I will forever look back at these and remember the big milestones in our lives they represent, and what an incredible friendship we’ve established in only two years. (Two years! Can you believe it!? So weird!) I’m getting emotional just writing this!  10-15 years from now, when I look at these photos–they will remind me of when Neal proposed, and I soon found out that Kelly had helped him execute the entire plan (and even pulled her parents in on it), working with him for HALF A YEAR to make sure everything was perfect–and still played along saying things like, “Neal better tell me before he proposes, I need to be emotionally prepared!”  They will remind me of the day Kelly found out she was pregnant and I started crying hysterically and jumping up and down alone in my living room, and our secret “wine swaps” we would make when out with friends to ensure her cover wasn’t blown. (And I would inevitably drink too much since I was drinking for two people!)  We’re so lucky to have one of those friendships that just instantly clicked–like we’d known each other for years. We still laugh looking at her wedding photos on the wall, because it seems SO bizarre that I’m not in them! (Luckily, she’ll be in mine ;-)) I never imagined that when Krista introduced Kelly and I via Instagram that it would forever change my life. (Krista, I owe you SO MANY DRINKS!)  Anyway–sorry for being a total sap. I just can’t wait for this sweet little baby Larkin to arrive any day now! I’m also so excited to watch Noodle for a few days while the Larkin fam is in the hospital. Noodle and I are freakishly obsessed with each other. I already have a bag of her dog food at my house. We have problems. (Also how much does she look like our child in these pictures?) OK–I’ll stop yakking and cut to the chase–I hope you love our “nautical engagement photos” as much as we do–ha! (And make sure to head over to Barbour’s blog to see our interview!)           Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  July 29, 2016 at 7:24 am These photos are so sweet! I love Barbour! Way to go girl!! 
Jess Zimlich says  July 29, 2016 at 7:25 am So much sweetness, Jess! I hope you’re getting all settled in your new place  26 and Not Counting 
Kaylee DeLacy says  July 29, 2016 at 8:15 am You guys are seriously too cute! Love this  
Gentry says  July 29, 2016 at 8:23 am These are the sweetest/cutest photos of ALL time!! You two are adorable! 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  July 29, 2016 at 9:34 am These are so cute!! Miss you guys! 
Mary Fremeau says  July 29, 2016 at 11:24 am so so so cute! I love Belmont Harbor  I run past there a lot!
You two are adorable. I love following both of your fab blogs.
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Maggie says  July 29, 2016 at 11:48 am You two are just the cutest!! -Maggie  http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Cassandra says  July 30, 2016 at 10:14 am This could not be cuter!!!! Love you both & the interview was perfect   Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Off White Lace Dresses, Black Flats, Wedge Sandals, Pumps Heels Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 14, 2017   Okay, okay. I will wholeheartedly admit, when I saw that velvet was making a comeback, I was NOT on board. To me, for whatever reason, velvet seemed edgy, unattainable, and only for people at Fashion Week toting small dogs and donning pointy fur heels. Something about it also reminded me of Hughe Hefner’s pajamas (RIP) mixed with Hot Topic (remember Hot Topic?!) Not exactly my cup of tea. But then my favorite shoe brands started coming out with velvet styles that were a little more versatile and feminine. Low and be hold–(would you believe it?!)–the velvet shoe trend was growing on me! Now it seems like you can’t open a fashion magazine or scroll on Instagram without seeing the velvet shoe trend EVERYYYWHERE. (Like, that, and Pumpkin patches and ton’s of PSL’s am I right?) There are velvet dresses, velvet accessories, even velvet leggings. (Which, by the way, these velvet leggings are my new obsession and I wear them several times per week–you can see how I styled them in this blog post!) Today though, it’s all about the velvet shoes. Speaking of, I finally caved and purchased this pair of velvet loafers! They are seriously the cutest (but they’re almost sold out, so if you want to snag yourself a pair, act fast!) Scroll down to see 12 more favorite pairs, as well as some styling tips and tricks on how to care for your velvet, too! (Click on the items in the collage below to shop them!)  (Click on the items above to shop them!) I love the look of Supergas–I don’t have a pair, but they are on my list once my current white sneakers finally kick the bucket  I love this pair in blush velvet. Sometimes velvet can feel a bit edgy but I think the pretty feminine color is the perfect counter balance to make these girly and still classy. I love a good pointed pump. They’re super flattering because they elongate your legs more so than rounded toes do. I love that this pair has a low, block heel, which means you can wear them just about anywhere! I love love these sandals. (Also, just because they’re open toed doesn’t mean they aren’t suitable for winter–the velvet fabric makes them totally acceptable!) They are the perfect go-to shoe for any holiday party, plus they come in two other colors if red isn’t your thing. If you’ve been wanting to jump on the loafer bandwagon but loafers tend to be too preppy for you, consider some pointed smoking slippers like these, which are more refined than traditional preppy loafers! These also come in more colors! I love the shape of these pumps and also the fact that they have the double strap for added personality! I wouldn’t normally go for a blue velvet look, but this color is so beautiful and is almost black. (Yes, you can also wear it with black–I’m a big fan of mixing navy with black!) Plus, the heel isn’t too tall, so you can wear them during the day as well! If you want something a bit more subtle, these black velvet booties are just as versatile as any black booties, but the velvet adds a really cool twist! These also come in a pretty bordeaux hue! Another classic holiday party shoe. If you aren’t into the traditional holiday colors when it comes to party shoes, blush is a really pretty alternative! I’ve been eyeing these little velvet pom pom flats for so long–should I pull the trigger? Think of how cute they would be with jeans and dresses alike! For the traditionalist, you can never go wrong with ballet flats. These will go a long way in spicing up your work wardrobe! I have these loafers in cheetah print but they also come in several velvet colors too! Love them and they required no break in time–they felt like slippers from day one! A classic silhouette, updated with velvet! Like I said above, blush is a really fun party shoe color if you’re not into red or gold!  Shop this look:    I like to think of velvet as closely related to suede in terms of “styleability” (is styleability even a word? ?) Essentially, an easy rule to remember–if you’d wear something with suede shoes, you can likely wear it with velvet shoes! BUT, an added bonus–while “suede on suede” can at times seem overwhelming, you can avoid this issue with velvet! Velvet adds a really interesting mix of texture into your outfit without being overly “loud”. Now, crushed velvet is a different story. I don’t have any intention on re-living my glory days of crushed velvet Juicy track suits. But regular velvet? It’s subtle enough to where you won’t ever be self-concious, but it will add that little “je ne sais quoi” to your wardrobe.  First thing’s first, you guys KNOW I am a crazy Scotchgard lady. (No, they did not sponsor this post.) The first thing you’ll want to do when you take your pretty velvet shoes out of the box is to protect them with some type of protectant spray. Now, this part is important, because you should not be using the same spray that you’d use to protect a pair of suede or leather shoes. Since velvet is a fabric (unlike suede, which is leather) it needs fabric protectant! The spray that I use on everything from my fabric shoes to my sofa, to yes, even my white jeans ?–is Scotchgard’s fabric protector spray. You’ll want to spot test an area. Usually I do this with the back of the shoe. You need to make sure it doesn’t do anything to the color of the fabric. Once that’s confirmed, spray a thin coat. Make sure it’s far enough from the shoe–you don’t want to get it wet. You just want it to lightly mist it. If you get it too drenched, it might create that “crushed velvet” look that we aren’t going for and make it darker in certain spots. Let them air dry (usually in a covered area outside). Once dry, spray a second thin coat and your shoes should be extra repellant that way! Also, this goes without saying, but, you know–you need to avoid puddle jumping if at all possible, and I’d refrain from wearing your velvet shoes outside when it’s pouring. Cleaning velvet is actually a relatively easy process. Again, since it’s fabric, you can use any fabric cleaning solution (see more notes on that below). Keep in mind that velvet, unlike suede, can crush easily. (This is also helpful to remember when, say, packing for a trip–make sure they aren’t smushed up against something else because it can create a “cowlick” looking effect for lack of a better phrase.) Don’t rub too hard or apply too much pressure. Will water ruin velvet? Usually it’s salvageable and not too big of a deal if you’ve sprayed it with fabric protectant! If velvet stays wet for too long, it can ruin the uniformity of the “nap” and create, again, that “crushed” looking velvet appearance. Dry it as quickly as you can with an absorbent cloth (microfiber works great!) Lightly press, but don’t dab excessively, until the liquid is absorbed. You can also use a hairdryer if you have one on hand. There are a couple different routes to take here. First, if the stain is simply dirt, let it dry and then you can brush it out with a soft brush (a soft toothbrush works great). To remove other stains, make sure to blot as much excess liquid up as possible before applying stain remover. Tuff Stuff stain remover is my favorite fabric cleaner and works WONDERS on furniture–so I use it on shoes as well. Note,  take the same precaution as above and spot treat a small area (usually the back inside portion works well because it’s hidden) with a small amount of cleaning solution and make sure that the fabric is compatible with the cleaner. Since velvet can be made from different types of material (cotton or polyester) and they often contain different types of dye depending on the color of the fabric–some types might react differently than others. If you don’t have a fabric cleaner on hand, I read on Apartment Therapy (one of my favorite Interior Design sites!) that making a cleaning solution of lemon juice and baking soda works great too!  SaveSave Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Yanina Rancaño says  November 16, 2017 at 9:16 am Hi! Did you use the protective spray on your Mondo Olivia OTK boots? I just got them (ordered from Nordstrom after reading your capsule post!) and I was wondering would that spray work on these boots.
Thanks for the inspiration!! 
HowToClean says  December 20, 2018 at 4:06 am Remove oil or “unknown” stains. Use the suede brush to scrub the stain as you would for a scuff. Use the nail brush to scrub stubborn stains with warm water. Grease stains can be particularly difficult to remove from suede, so badly stained shoes may never look good again.  Protect your suede. Spray a coat of suede protector spray on your shoes when you first get them and after each cleaning. Follow the manufacturer’s directions, and make sure to remove excess dirt before spraying the shoes. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heel Sandals, Black Lace Bralettes, Printed Sweaters, Lariats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 31, 2018  Three of my personal favorite office-worthy staples: Gucci loafers (Sam Edelman has amazing budget-friendly dupes that I also own!) Halogen Ponte Pants (come in charcoal grey, too!) and Everlane Mockneck Sweater  Hope you guys are having a great Wednesday! I can’t believe we’re halfway through the week already. As you’ve probably read, I’m in the Cincinnati burbs this week visiting my best friend who just had her second baby–I got to meet my newest baby “nephew” (okay, not blood related but basically) yesterday morning and he is the perfect baby! We had so much fun hanging out and playing with my niece Harper (lot’s of princess dresses, watercolor painting, and snacks were involved so it was obviously the epitome of my perfect day). Tonight I’m headed back into Covington (where Neal is staying for business) and then we’re heading back to Chicago on Thursday. It’s definitely been a whirlwind of a week but such a fun one! Anyway–on to today’s topic–business casual staples! I’m actually in the midst of curating a business casual capsule wardrobe, so in doing research for that, I took to–where else? Instagram stories, to ask what your favorite workwear staples were. I ended up getting SO many of the same answers, I figured–maybe these need a “list” blog post of their own! As if it’s not hard enough putting together cute normal outfits to wear on a weekly basis, when you work in an office with a business casual dress code, getting dressed can quickly become a chore. If you’re ever in the market for some new office staples, this list of GG reader approved favorites is a good place to begin! “These pants are amazing and constantly coming out in new colors!”–Jenna “By far the most comfortable work pants. I probably have every color! They look cute with pumps/wedges/booties!”–Michelle “The Jackie cardigan from J.Crew is my biggest staple. I own it in 4 different colors and so does every other girl in my office!” –Meagan “They’re so comfortable and they go great with basics like button ups and blazers!” –Annie “They can easily be business professional, business casual, or worn out to a nice dinner!” – Liz “I love everything in their go-weave material! It’s wrinkle resistant and so comfy!” –Amy “They have the best work-appropriate, but still cute to wear elsewhere dresses. And they always have a great sale happening!” – B  (Jess’ note: A LOT of you emailed me specifically about LOFT! It definitely won most popular go-to in terms of work wear!)  SaveSave Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Sarah Gschwind says  January 31, 2018 at 8:43 am 100% on LOFT and the J.Crew Jackie cardigan!! 
MyChau Brikshavana says  January 31, 2018 at 1:07 pm LOFT and the BR Sloane pants are my go tos. 
Alex says  January 31, 2018 at 4:22 pm All great ideas! I’m also a Chicagoan and have been looking for more pant options for cold days. I love the look of slimmer cropped pants, and definitely have a few, but are there some you came across that come down a little lower to cover the ankles against during a chilly commute? 
tornado_ally says  February 3, 2018 at 6:31 pm I agree – most business casual pants I find seem to be cropped slightly too short for winter wear! 
Megan says  December 25, 2018 at 11:52 pm I’ve found that if you can find Talls in the ankle pants they cover just enough to make them winter friendly. I live in Minneapolis so I get it! My favorite pants are the Audrey from New York and Company. 
Linda Clayton says  February 24, 2018 at 4:28 pm Can you do a summer capsule wardrobe so I can start looking for some fill in items love what you have posted so far and have purchased a few of your recommendations……and I am 68 old enough to be your Grama ???keep up the great information I have a ClosetSpace that’s full and nothing to wear but your ideas are really helping me to par down and love what I wear thank you Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Wide Leg Jeans, Long Black Gowns, Sleeveless Dresses, White Bikinis Bottom and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 9, 2017   Top: Topshop, comes in SO many colors and is only $30! I was between wearing this tank and this super cute off the shoulder red crop, but ultimately went with the tank because I knew I’d never wear the crop top ever again! It runs true to size. // Jean shorts: Topshop “Mom” shorts (c/o) available at both Topshop and Nordstrom–size up! I’m wearing a US 4 // Bandana: J.Crew (this one is also similar!) // Sunnies: Ray Ban–they fold up into a teeny tiny case and are the best ever sunglasses for travel.This version is also similar, but doesn’t fold (but is less expensive!) I’ve been dying to get this round version with the classic lenses, too. I don’t really know what I’m waiting for! // Sneakers: Jack Purcell–run TTS unlike regular converse (I also love these classic white chucks with the gold rivets!) // Bag: Rebecca Minkoff–sold out in this version but nearly identical here–and I love the leather version that comes in tons of colors! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Hii and happy Wednesday! I feel like I am officially in the upside down this week–Boston was SO FUN but now I’m feeling a little scrambly because we got home last night but now I turn around again tomorrow and head BACK to the airport for a work trip to Montreal! I’ve never been to Canada before and I am SO. SO. EXCITED. Montreal has always been on my list, so I’m really looking forward to it! I’m headed there for a partnership with Lolë–they’re an activewear company based in Montreal. (You probably recognize them from this post!) Their designs are versatile and feminine, and best of all–comfortable! I really like their yoga pants (like this cute grey pair!) and cute sports bras (like this cute pink one for only $35!) and they have some really adorable athleisure items as well, like this adorable tee! Their items are very quality (no show through) comfortable, and stylish! They have some really cute new arrivals you can shop here! Many of their products are eco-conscious and even have SPF sun protection! They do a huge event called the Lole White event where thousands of people gather to do yoga all dressed in white to promote peace and equality around the world. It’s SO cool–they have events in several areas and you can get more info and purchase tickets here! Anyway–more on that later, but in today’s post, I wanted to share a few snaps of what I wore to Lollapalooza! I managed to find the time to pop by on Thursday (for a project with the Liketoknow.it team!) before we left for Boston on Friday morning, and they had Melissa there snapping photos on their new heart mural! If you aren’t familiar with Liketoknow.it, it’s an app/service that you sign up for that allows you to shop my Instagrams (and any other bloggers you follow, too!) It’s really cool–depending on your preference, you can either “like” any photo that is tagged with @Liketoknow.it and the links to purchase the items in the outfit get emailed to you, or, you can take a screenshot of the item and a push notification will be sent to you immediately with the links to shop! It’s really cool, and funny enough, I love it as a consumer, too! Anyway–as you guys know, I’m really more of a classics type of girl, so finding something that was still feminine and classic and not hippie dippy to wear to Lolla was becoming a bit of a challenge. I didn’t want to buy something I was never going to wear again, either, and I didn’t want to spend a ton of money! First, I brainstormed some Lolla essentials that I already owned: white sneakers, cutoff jean shorts, and a bandana were all no-brainers. Then, I decided that I wanted a classic color combo (red and navy) with something flowy on top to keep me cool. I found this adorable ruffle swing cami from Topshop and knew it was a winner! It comes in 15 other colors and is only $30! Shop my favorite tank colors:    That’s all for now–wish me luck in completing my crazy to-do list before tomorrow!  Gahh! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

     Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Carly | The Clydescope says  August 9, 2017 at 8:01 am Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssssss Canada! Waving at you from one province over, eh!
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Diana Pearl says  August 9, 2017 at 9:50 am I’m heading to Montreal this weekend too! I’ve never been to the city and am so excited!! Will have to check out this event. Have a great trip! x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Britney Crawley says  August 9, 2017 at 1:19 pm Super cute outfit! love the colorful wall for the backdrop. Have such fun in Montreal!! 
Mary Fremeau says  August 9, 2017 at 9:18 pm I love this outfit! So classy, too! Some people forgot to put on clothes over their undies for Lolla haha!!! Who was your fave band? I hope you have an awesome trip! Can’t wait to hear more about the yoga-in-white event!
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tunic Dresses, Sweaters And Cardigans, Graphic Hoodies, Modest Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 29, 2014  The term business casual has long been synonymous with words such as “snooze fest” “mind numbing” and “creativity killer”. However, contrary to popular belief, business casual can in fact be fun if you take a step back and see it for what it really is: a challenge.  We all have a business casual dress or pencil skirt that we think is pretty cute as far as “client meeting” standards go. But office wear seems so one dimensional. Here’s the trick: layering Start with your basic dress, but maybe wear a collared shirt underneath. Add a sweater. If it’s too bulky, tie one end in a knot and tuck it under (like I’ve done here.) Or swap the sweater for a blouse with a thin belt. You can try adding tights, boots, or even some cute knee socks. For a more casual look, add a hat. Top it with some statement jewelry (like mine below from Shamelessly Sparkly) and your work week just got a whole lot brighter! Dress (worn as a skirt): Angelique’s Boutique in Wicker Park, Shoes: Zara (sold out, similar below), Sweater: Urban Outfitters (old), Black collared shirt: H&M (old), Necklace: c/o Shamelessly Sparkly, Bracelets: JCrew & c/o Shamelessly Sparkly, Hat: American Apparel  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
           Shop Workwear, Revisited:   Filed Under: Style  
Ali Bronska says  January 29, 2014 at 2:41 pm This is the CUTEST! Love this look! 
jess keys says  January 30, 2014 at 7:30 pm Thanks lady!! 
Tiffany @ Triple Creme Decadence says  January 30, 2014 at 6:58 pm This is so cute! It’s casual yet sophisticated. I’m so glad I discovered your blog; you have such great style! 
jess keys says  January 30, 2014 at 7:33 pm Thanks so much, Tiffany! 
Tweedie says  January 31, 2014 at 9:00 pm Love it! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Gowns, Sweaters And Cardigans, Black Sneakers, Gold Flat Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 31, 2016  Happy Monday! How was your weekend? Ours was busy and filled with lot’s of great visits with friends! In addition, we finally made it to Halal Guys (SO GOOD), lit a fire in our fireplace, and had a great Sunday night making homemade chicken soup and watching the Cubs win! Today I wanted to share a round up of my everyday outfits seen on Instagram lately. Also, I’ve had several people ask me lately how they can shop my Instagram–so I wanted to share a quick refresher! Like many bloggers, you can shop my outfit items with a program called Liketoknow.it. When I post what I’m wearing along with a “liketoknow.it” link, that means that if you sign up for LiketoKnow.It (click this link to do so!) and then “like” my photo, or any other bloggers photos who use it, you’ll get an email with the links to shop the items in the photos! You only have to sign up once, and you can set your preferences to only receiving one email per day, or an email immediately upon liking a photo.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Now, on to what I’ve been wearing over on Instagram     I recently picked up this sweater at Nordstrom and it is potentially the cutest sweater I have ever purchased. It’s the prettiest blush pink and has the cutest ruffles. Plus, it’s super soft and only $80! What more could you want in a sweater? P.S. You can catch a glimpse of our new fireplace in the background–promise I’m doing a living room reveal soon!    These lace-up pumps are my first pair of lace-up heels (previously I’d only had flats!) and I love them so much. They’re really dainty looking and they have a lot more personality than my plain black pumps!
   I’ve been wearing my grey turtleneck nonstop now that the weather is getting chillier more frequently! It was a grey on grey day last week, and I found a nearly exact replica of this scarf right here. (I originally purchased it at Zara years ago before our Ireland trip!)    Our engagement party was SO much fun. It was a great excuse to get all of our closest friends over to the new house. (Almost no one has been over yet since we moved!) My friend Courtney through it for us and it was perfect–Big Star tacos and margaritas, and she even made M&M’s with our faces on them! It seemed like I looked forever for a long sleeved white dress (everything without sleeves felt too summery!) and this one is on sale for only $60 at ShopBop!    A couple weeks back, I tagged along on one of Neal’s work trips to Grand Rapids, MI. Whenever he travels somewhere fun for work, I pack up this little suitcase and jump in the passenger seat. It’s not only adorable, but super lightweight and it fits so much stuff!! I can easily fit a week’s worth of clothing and several pairs of shoes in this little carry-on. (I have the 21″ but it comes in bigger sizes–24 inch and 28 inch)    Standard uniform lately: Barbour coat, Striped Tee, Plaid Scarf, Hunter Boots. Every Day.    Some blooms I picked up at Trader Joes before our engagement party (they’re STILL going strong, by the way!) Can’t decide which I love more, our new Lulu & Georgia rug or my little red Repetto flats I got in Paris.    This was such a fun night–Blair, Kelly and I went out for girls’ dinner a couple weeks back. (But not before stopping at Kelly’s to play with Emma first, obviously.) These pants are the best thing EVER. Have you heard of Ponte Pants? They’re like leggings, but thicker, so they’re just as comfy, but you know, actual pants? They’re amazing for travel, and paired with the right shoes, they can look even dressier than black jeans! You’ve also seen these Sole Society booties a lot lately (available on both SoleSociety.com and Nordies!)–let’s just say they’ve been getting a LOT of wear this fall   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  October 31, 2016 at 9:08 am What a fun engagement party! Happy Halloween! 
Britney says  October 31, 2016 at 10:00 am Too cute! Love all your Instagram squares! 
Diana Pearl says  October 31, 2016 at 10:43 am Love the dress you wore for your engagement party! So pretty and a perfect LWD for fall  
Girl & Closet says  October 31, 2016 at 11:42 am All SO cute! Plus that blush sweater is a dream and I love the snap from your engagement party. Aw, you guys are the cutest!! xo 
Floortje van Cooten says  October 31, 2016 at 12:20 pm Looks like a great week on Insta! Xx, || FLOORTJELOVES || http://www.floortjeloves.com http://www.bloglovin.com/blogs/floortjeloves-12198253 
Emily says  October 31, 2016 at 2:30 pm Love all of these looks, Jess! Hope you had a great weekend and hope to see you soon! xx
Isn’t That Charming. 
Kelly in the City says  October 31, 2016 at 10:12 pm You are ADORBS. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Cropped Pants, Wedge Pumps Shoes, Off Shoulder Black Dresses, Black Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 13, 2015   Coat: Johnston & Murphy White Box Jacquard Hooded Jacket (also loving the A-line Anorak! and Floral Trench!) // Shoes: Black Bree Slip On // Turtleneck: J.Crew striped turtleneck tissue tee (ON SALE! Also similar oversized version in gray, and another (only $10!) here // Watch: Anne Klein // Lips: MAC Lady Danger // Bag: Vera Bradley quilted leather Amy backpack  There’s nothing quite like the feeling of spring in the air. Each year in Chicago, it’s kind of like that feeling you got as a kid when you had to hold your breath underwater during swimming lessons. Hanging on as long as humanly possible, and then finally coming back up to the surface–that first breath of air reminding you how awesome it feels to just BREATHE. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Yeah, you could say the first breath of spring is frighteningly similar to that after the long (LONG) #Chiberia winter. So, you can imagine when I got my first few spring items in the mail, I jumped for joy a little. (LIGHT jackets? Slip-ons that expose my ankles? WHAT?) And even better? When a brand knocks you off your feet a bit with how amazing their new spring stuff is. That’s how I felt with Johnston & Murphy’s new line. I filled my shopping cart faster than when I go into Whole Foods on an empty stomach. (You guys, the guacamole just gets me EVERY time!)  This White Box Jacquard Hooded Jacket I die for in particular. I can’t get enough of anything in white. And if you’re one of those people who attracts stains particularly well (it’s a rare talent, we have) I will assure you that I acquired quite a terrifying stain on the left sleeve right before this shoot, which wiped off with a little bit of water and some detergent (easier than any coat I’ve ever had–no dry cleaner necessary!) Making it, in a word, perfect. Plus, it makes me feel like Jackie-O, which is also perfect. Moving onto these chic black and white Bree Slip-Ons, which I haven’t taken off in about two weeks. Ultra comfortable, and a great in-between if I don’t want to wear my trainers (too casual) or sandals (too cold!) I love how they’re minimalistic, slightly sporty, yet still feminine, all at the same time. I also recently ordered the Maggie Penny driving loafers, which are perhaps the most comfortable loafers I’ve ever worn. Of course, because the weather is still a little unpredictable, my standby tissue turtleneck is the perfect essential to layer under the coat. And the cherry on top? A sweet hair ribbon–because, you know…I had to. What are your go-to spring essentials? Check out how my other blogger friends styled their favorite Johnston & Murphy pieces on StyleList.com!      Compensation for this post was provided by Johnston & Murphy via AOL Media.  The opinions expressed herein are those of the author and are not indicative of the opinions or positions of Johnston & Murphy or AOL. Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Stuart Weitzman Pumps, White Sheath Dresses, Leather Watches, Fashion Jewelry and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 15, 2018   **Press play to watch the video!** Happy Monday! Exciting news–I just discovered that some of my favorite items from last year are back in stock with exact or have new updated versions! ?? This post was one of your favorites last year, so I wanted to give it a refresh! In this post, I’m showing you how to wear one of my favorite sweaters four different ways. (This is also a similar new version of it this year!) My exact one I’m wearing in this post is also still available but the sizing is limited–however, I have a hack: most of the petite sizes are still in stock, so I would try ordering that! The petite sizing is only 2″ shorter–which I still think would be just as cute–especially because I often tuck mine in, so the length doesn’t really matter anyway! (And Nordstrom has free returns, so it’s worth a shot!) Before we jump in, let’s go over the staples I used to create these looks. Convertible sweater: First up, obviously. This sweater, you guys, is probably one of the most versatile things you could buy this entire year. It’s both cowl neck and off the shoulder. You can wear it as a tunic or tuck it into high-waisted jeans, skirt, or even over a dress! I’m only showing you four ways to wear it today, but there really are ENDLESS ways you can style it and to top it off, it just might be one of the softest things I’ve ever purchased. (Oh, it comes in lot’s of colors too!) It’s so soft that this was the FIRST thing I put on when I transitioned my closet over to fall because I couldn’t wait to get it on my body ? I typically tuck it in because I think it’s most flattering to show your waistline, but you can leave it tucked out as well. It’s more of a tunic length, shorter in the front than the back. I would highly recommend sizing down because it runs pretty oversized. For length reference, I’m 5’6.   Skinny Jeans: These haven’t been in stock in FOREVER! You guys know I have become obsessed with AE and Abercrombie who make some of my favorite (super budget friendly jeans) but there are some jeans that cannot be replicated and are worth the splurge, and these Rag & Bone skinnies are that. They were my #1 bestseller when I got them at the Nordstrom sale two years ago and they were sold out for so long–I always got asked to link similar and the thing is–there aren’t similar. They’re the real deal! They are super stretchy, they feel like butter and unlike any other jean–they’re also not particularly thick which is why I think they’re so comfortable. I also love that the raw hem is very subtle–and the leg opening isn’t TOO skinny or too straight. They are ankle length. Sizing: I would say if you’re on the fence go with the size down because they are very stretchy–they run a bit big. Heeled Booties: I recommend a pair of neutral booties for every fall wardrobe. If you go with one with a bit of a pointed toe, light tan color, and little bit of a heel, they also help to elongate your leg, which is hard to find in a bootie, as most of the time they can cut you off at the ankles and make your legs look stubby! A midi heel is great because it gives you a bit of height but is still comfortable for lot’s of walking! The pair I’m wearing here is from last year, but I’d recommend this pair of Sam Edelmans if you want a bit of a heel or if you want a lower heel, this pair–which are insanely comfy! (Kelly has them in like 4 colors, haha!)  I’ve also been dying to try Everlane’s Day Boots–I’m in love with their Day Heels (they are SO comfortable) and I think the brown leather version is calling my name! Leopard loafers: You’ve seen a LOT of these leopard loafers on this blog, because they really do make every outfit look instantly more stylish. Leopard always adds a ton of visual interest to any outfit. Plus, they are truly the most comfortable shoes I have ever put on my feet. They required zero break-in, no blisters–ever! Leather tote: The Madewell Transport tote making the capsule wardrobe cut comes as a shock to absolutely none of you, I am sure. It’s my everything bag. Work, travel, groceries–whatever, this is always the bag I’m reaching for and it comes in several styles and colors as well. Black pumps: I’ve owned this particular pair of Sam Edelman pumps for years but they make a ton of similar versions currently that you can shop here! They run TTS in my experience! Trench coat: FULLY RESTOCKED! HUZZAH! It was gone for so long and now it’s back in ALL sizes! (Also in black!) I purchased this trench by London Fog last Spring before my trip to London and it is one of my very favorite coats for both Fall and Spring. It has a detachable hood as well as a removable liner. Which unlike a lot of trench coats, does add a significant amount of warmth. I absolutely adore it and it’s one of my favorite jackets. It looks super chic for work, and just as pretty for dinner or a stroll around the neighborhood. It’s amazing for travel as well. Runs large, so size down. I’m wearing XS. Leather jacket: I now own two leather jackets–one brown and one black. The black one is my newest addition and I don’t know what took me so long to get one! I definitely love both colors and I think whichever color is best for you just depends on your preferences. The one I feature here is also from last year but there are tons at really good prices here!  My favorite is this one, which is most similar to the one you see me wearing here! Leopard clutch: For the same reasons as I sing the praises of the leopard loafer, I love a good leopard clutch! (Nordstrom actually has a TON of different leopard clutches right now!) I’m a huge fan of it for going out because it brightens up even the most basic outfit. Plus, it’s such a steal for less than $50 and it looks and feels like the designer version. Belts: My gold buckle belt is Topshop and has since sold out (boo!) but this one is really similar and so is this one! Okay, now let’s get into these looks!    This is a look that is suitable for just about anywhere in Chicago. Dinner, drinks, it’s great for all of the above! Throw a leather jacket over your shoulders and you’re good to go! (With the leather jacket I felt like I was subtly channeling a 2017 Olivia Newton John and I am so into it.) Now, remember, this sweater is tunic length, which means you can wear it tucked in or out. I tend to prefer all of my shirts tucked in just because it defines your waistline and elongates the leg. Additionally, I think it makes it a bit more formal (for instances such as date night!) The pumps go a long way in dressing this outfit up, but not too much. I like them here because they’re a bit more feminine and “date” esque than if you were to pair this outfit with booties, but booties would work perfectly too! You can see this demonstrated in the video above, but to tuck in, just take a corner of the sweater, twist it, and then tuck it in. It’s really easy!     When you find a sweater that feels like a hug mixed with the softest blanket you’ve ever felt, it becomes a no-brainer to wear for travel. (Specifically I am referring to a fleecy, microfiber-ish, faux fur-ish blanket I found at Target last year that is wrapped around me as I write this post and will probably not be removed from my body until next April–unless it’s to put on this sweater). I know you have one of those blankets too. THAT is what this sweater feels like! Anyway, pair it with your favorite jeans and the comfiest loafers ever (that slip-off quality comes in reaaallyy handy at airport security) and you’ll be good to go! P.S. My suitcase is on sale right now on Amazon for $180! It’s one of my favorite purchases ever! You can see a full review of it here!    When you’re trying to get the most out of your wardrobe, it’s important to remember that you can layer OVER as well as under! This sweater is great layered over a work-appropriate dress! If you’re feeling a little “garbage baggish” like you have no shape, reach for a belt (mine is old but this one is similar!) and cinch it at your waist and VOILA. WOMANLY FIGURE! This look would also be just as cute with a pencil skirt or a pair of slim trousers or ponte leggings for an office-friendly look.    Perhaps the best match of all for this perfect sweater is your favorite jeans, a pair of booties, and a plaid scarf (mine is last year’s but similar here at Nordstrom Rack!) . All you need is a PSL ;-P (By the way, if you’re looking for how to wear a scarf a few different ways, that post is right over here!) This is the perfect outfit for dinner or a movie to wind down the weekend! Make sure not to miss our previous posts in the Capsule Wardrobe Remix series: How to wear a black dress four ways, how to style leather leggings 3 ways, and how to pack a carry-on travel capsule wardrobe! Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Outfits, Style Tagged With: capsule wardrobe remix 
Kaitlin Cavell says  October 15, 2018 at 8:53 pm I’ve always wondered how this is done  with longer tops like this: I love the tuck in the front but how is the back tucked? I feel like leaving it out with a front tuck looks weird, so is the entire top loosely tucked in all around? […] My favorite convertible off the shoulder/cowl neck sweater is on sale and comes in TONNSS of colors. It’s also one of the softest things I own. Size down, runs big! See how I styled it four ways in this post!  […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Blouses, Turtlenecks On Sale, Pumps Heels Shoes, Tassel Earrings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 25, 2019   Ah, the age-old dilemma–how does one go directly from a grueling Saturday or Sunday workout to brunch without looking disgusting? Could it perhaps be possible to go on a run and end with meeting a friend for coffee without wondering if she can smell you across that darling, tiny bistro table? I’ve yet to meet a semi-active woman who didn’t pose these questions. ? The answer is yes–I do have a newfound solution for you–it’s called lululemon Swiftly Tech–and it’s MAGICAL. Today, I’m going to be reviewing it, dishing all the details, and sharing some other lululemon favorites from their running + training line that are DEFINITELY going to motivate you to get to the gym. (Because you’ll be so excited to wear them, and not have to go to brunch smelling like an animal! Hooray!) I don’t know about you, but when I can lessen the time I have to change/get ready/shower/etc in between activities, there is a MUCH higher likelihood I’ll actually get my workout in. (I’m trying to do a HIIT workout at LEAST three days per week–so I need all the help I can get, haha!)  I will admit, I have wavered back and forth on whether or not investing in workout staples is, you know, a worthwhile spend. But I have officially landed in the camp that…it, in fact, is. Usually. At least this is the case with lululemon–they make such high performance products that will last for years.  (Side note: that is, as long as you take care of them properly! More on how to do that in my “How to do laundry properly” and stop ruining your clothes post–there’s a whole section on how you’re making your workout pants pill and how to STOP doing that.)  (Side note: I had every intention to shoot these outside, but then Snowmageddon hit us last weekend. So…there’s that ?I hope the image of Neal and I shooting these while drinking our morning coffee makes you laugh. He was nice enough to help me take these after shoveling the sidewalk for literally an hour and a half. Thanks babe! ?)   I never thought I’d be one to work out in a long sleeve shirt. (And normally, I wouldn’t be. I get SO HOT.) However, I just like the look of a long sleeve more than a tank top–and I also like the extra coverage it provides in the winter. This top is made for running, but it’s so versatile, I can’t really think of a type of workout you won’t want to wear it for. You will especially love these shirts if you tend to sweat a lot. The magical fabric wicks moisture away from your skin super fast. (Personally, I don’t sweat as much as some people, but I still cannot stand the feeling of *being sweaty*–sounds weird, I know, but this is just one reason why this tee is so great.)  The best part, by far though–is that it’s made with a special fabric (called SILVERESCENT® TECHNOLOGY if you want to get really technical) that inhibits the growth of odor-causing bacteria on the garment–so, you know what that means… Additionally, it’s very thin and breathable (it actually has ventilation built into heavy-sweat areas) and it has no seams, so it’s chafe-free. (Something I know my runners will appreciate.) It also has thumbholes to keep your sleeves in place during your workout!  Sizing: Make sure to pay attention to their sizing–this top is supposed to be a tight fit–but I’m wearing a size 6. Size 6 at lululemon is typically a size small. Size 4 XS, size 2 or 0 XXS. Less tight option: If you aren’t into form fitting shirts, I feel you. They also made a relaxed version of this tee (called the “Breeze” fit) with the same exact features, just a looser fit! They also have a short sleeve version as well–you can shop ALL the Swiftly Tech styles right here!     If you were read the above description and were like, “OMG I WANT THAT TOP BUT I DON’T WANT LONG SLEEVES!” – you’re in luck, because they make a Swiftly Tech Racerback Tank, too ?Same amazing features (magic moisture-wicking, scent evaporating fabric–just, you know–less of it!) If you look closely in the photos, you can see where the ventilated areas are! Right at your sports bra brand, on the chest, and along your spine. They’ve seriously thought of everything for these Swiftly Tech tops! Consider me thoroughly impressed.    So, like most millennial women (?) I own and am obsessed with lululemon’s Align pants. I’ve actually had and worn the same pair since Sophomore year of college. (Yes, that’s how long they last, if you take care of them properly!) But, to tell you the truth–I’ve never tried any other pants from lululemon! (Until NOW, that is). While the Align pants are one of my FAVORITE pairs of leggings ever, and are fantastic for everyday life and lower-impact workouts, they aren’t made for running or high intensity workouts, so I was curious to see how these new In Movement tights would measure up!  First, the fabric they use to make them really does feel like a second skin–not like in the “you feel like you’re naked” way the Align pants do, but a more substantial, held-in second skin. (Does that even make sense?) ?They move with you really well and feel good on. “Hugged” is the word they use, and I feel like that’s accurate. I like that they’re moisture-wicking, too–because, you know, helps the whole “going to brunch post-workout and not feeling nasty” thing.  The aesthetically snobby part of me also very much appreciates the fact that they come in lot’s of really pretty solid colors that are chic, stylish, and not loud or anything like that. (Here I’m wearing the “dark shadow” color, which I really love! Dark enough to still be flattering, but a nice mix-up from black!) Like other lululemon pants, they have the little hidden pocket for essentials like your house key or credit card for your post-workout smoothie! ? Sizing: I wear a size 4 in lululemon pants and would say these run TTS for them, but they do not run as small as the tops.   Last, but certainly not least–their Energy Bra! (COULD THIS PRINT BE CUTER?!)  Getting into high intensity workouts before my wedding (and continuing on that train even after my wedding) made me quickly realize I needed better sports bras. It’s one thing to do yoga in crappy sports bras–but SPRINTING in them is an entirely different story. I don’t need a huge amount of support, but I need some, and I definitely want my sports bras to have a decent lining, and–you know. I want them to be cute. ? All these reasons are why I love the Energy Bra! It’s perfect for everything from yoga to HIIT training, and comes in so many pretty colors and prints. The fabric contains Lycra, so it holds its shape over time, hugs you without restricting your breath. The criss-cross back is not just stylish, but it’s functional–designed for medium support for those with B/C cups. The cups are also removable–so you can adjust based on your preferences and types of workouts!  Sizing: I wear a size 6 in lululemon bras (I’m typically a 32D)–you definitely will want to check over their size chart to help you figure out what size you are!  
 I hope this was helpful! I know these pieces are definitely an investment, but I know they will be staples in your workout wardrobe for a LONG time coming. Do you have any favorite lululemon pieces that you love? Would love to hear them!  Big thanks to lululemon and Shopstyle for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 110% my own!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jessica says  January 25, 2019 at 8:36 am Jess, you are making me want to buy Lulu!!! Why did you have to do that?!? Haha. That dark shadow color is gorgeous. Would you say they are high waisted or somewhere in between high and low? 
Stephanie says  January 25, 2019 at 6:16 pm They are high waisted. 
Aly Albert says  January 25, 2019 at 11:53 am Love to those circle gold earrings!  Any chance you could link those? 
Caitlin says  January 25, 2019 at 12:28 pm Love this post! I also love their runderful long sleeve for outdoor running! http://www.themilestraveled.com 
Melanie says  February 2, 2019 at 9:38 pm Great post! Would you mind sharing the lulu washing tips you had in your stories? I didn’t get a chance to read them, and it looked super helpful. Maybe save to your stories more permanently or to the blog?? Thanks so much!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop No Heel Wedges, Sundresses, Citizens Of Humanity Skinny Jeans, Black Booties Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 8, 2017   Dress: LOFT (comes in petite and tall sizes too! I’m wearing an XS, I think LOFT tends to run large)–they just got so many cute dresses in–I love this dark floral dress and how pretty is this floral velvet dress? I also love this polka dot dress in a similar shape (the ruffle bell sleeve are so adorable and feminine!) Boots: Splendid–(Splendid is one of my favorite brands, shop more Splendid shoes and clothing here! Sizing: they run TTS in my opinion, but some of the reviews say they run short–so use your best judgement!) I also love Sam Edelman’s similar pair in a lighter color! (Another one of my favorite shoe brands, shop more Sam Edelman here!) Trench: London Fog (I love love this coat and brand! They make lot’s of different versions of trenches for men and women–shop them all here) Purse: Rebecca Minkoff (sold out but Shopbop has lot’s of cute Rebecca Minkoff bags! I also love a lot of her shoes!)   Happy Wednesday! How have you guys been? How has your week been going? The craziest thing–on Monday night I could not sleep, like at all–which is a little unlike me. When I finally fell asleep, I turned off my alarm so I could attempt to play catch-up, and when Shaheen called me at 8:30 I was still in bed. She was about to scold me (haha!) but then I told her I didn’t sleep at all and she said the same thing! Then, when I talked to Neal, he said he couldn’t sleep either! THEN I got on Instagram stories and asked you guys, and it turns out NOBODY slept on Monday night. How weird is that? Someone in Arizona even said so, so it’s not like we can even blame it on daylight savings. WEIRD. Am I right? (Did you sleep on Monday? Haha!) I have to admit I’ve been pretty busy with November’s capsule wardrobe coming out on Friday so I haven’t been out of the house much, but I need to get my you-know-what back into Orange Theory. Gahhh. Another reason I’m excited for Friday–one of our best friends, Marty, who does comedy at Second City, produced his very own comedy show called “Sorry, We’re Open” and we’re going to opening night! It’s running this Friday and next Friday at The Beat Lounge, and tickets are only $13 each, so if you’re looking for something new and different to do, you should come!! Anyway, today I’m so excited to share the first glimpse of our San Francisco trip! (We actually only got two outfit posts shot. Sigh. Oh well. Next time! Everything was SO beautiful I could’ve done 100 shoots!) We shot this walking around Pacific Heights on our first night and I fell in love with the neighborhood. Every house was more beautiful than the next, and Fillmore street had so many charming shops and restaurants! (I’ll be sharing all my SF favorites in another post!) This pretty wintery floral dress arrived just before our trip and I was SO glad it did! Its honestly the first LOFT purchase I have made in I can’t remember how long. Do you guys shop there a lot? I really love all of their latest styles and I feel like they have so many sales–in fact, EVERYTHING is 40% off right now at LOFT (including Lou & Grey!), including my dress! Use code HAPPY at checkout!  I’ve been really into the feminine fall florals I’ve been seeing everywhere lately. I’ve always been a sucker for a good floral print and I’m so happy that they’re becoming more of a year-round thing. Other ways to style it: This dress is great because it can also double for the office–you can wear it with tights and pumps (I love these pumps and they’re on sale!) It also looks really cute with a cozy cardigan (I think a dark wine color would be gorgeous with it, as well as camel or even navy or black because it has black accents in the pattern!) pulled over it and my Everlane oxfords! Shop more winter florals and feminine winter dresses:    I love the dress paired with these boots, because it feels very retro to me in the best way. I love pulling inspiration from other decades! They’re made by Splendid and they are seriously the comfiest ever. I walked all over SF in them and no blisters. (This was the other pair of shoes–ankle boots–I walked all over in, I love them as well!) Splendid makes the BEST shoes, do you have any pairs? They are always so comfortable and well-made. You can buy this particular pair at Nordstrom and Shopbop also has them in black. (Shop more Splendid right here, Shopbop has a great selection in particular!) Shop similar boots:        
   SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Travel  
Kelly Larkin says  November 8, 2017 at 2:23 pm STUNNING. Two things: Emma, Mitch and I didn’t sleep either… and I think the four of us should move to SF like STAT. <3 
Lucy Claire says  November 8, 2017 at 5:11 pm SF is so stunning! (So are you!) Love this look, and that bag is dreamy! <3 
Addiction Lingerie says  November 14, 2017 at 4:49 pm Love your blog.
Please check out our website for collaboration.
http://www.addictionnouvellelingerie.com 
Emily Farina says  November 19, 2017 at 8:59 pm Great pics, looks like you had some wonderful weather in your trip! I am also totally smitten with floral, long sleeved dresses for fall and have one I recently bought (also from Loft!) that I have been wearing a ton. Perfect piece to transition into winter by throwing on some tights! http://www.fizzandfade.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Flat Silver Shoes, Tan Pumps, White Long Sleeve Tees, Embroidered and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 24, 2018   If I had a dollar for every time I’ve received a DM asking me about THE BEST white t-shirt–I’d be a RICH WOMAN. Here’s the thing: Before you all started ferociously asking me for advice regarding white tees, I really had never given it much thought. I rarely ever wore white tees and I owned one. ONE white tee–and it saw the light of day maybe twice per year. It was three years old from Madewell–it was a good tee–fine, did its job, but then again, it’s a white t-shirt. What white tee shirt could ever be defined as a “true love” when it comes to wardrobe staples? “A white tee is a white tee,” I thought–”can they really be that different?” Apparently, they can. After receiving a plea from my friend, Gianna (which became my final straw in putting off this “white t-shirt hunt” any longer)–”please do a blog post on this, Keys!” she asked a couple months back. Then, I took to Instagram stories and put the question out to you–and the rest of the universe: “Which white tee is your favorite white tee, and why?”  The opinions poured in in droves. It appears that there is in fact, a HUGE difference between white tees. It took your expertise to show me the light! The white tee debate is indeed a heated one! See, it appears that some are too boxy, some are too short, some too long, some wrinkle easily, others are scratchy, some are made of cheap material and nearly ALL of them see through. I quickly learned one thing–what works for one girl doesn’t work for us all. There are as many kinds of white tees in this world as there are women who like to wear them–but most of us have one thing in common, and that is that we are all searching for THE white tee to end all white tees. Naturally, I decided to take matters into my own hands, and chose to purchase (with my own money!) your top 6 most popular tees (according to your feedback via DM)–three crew necks and three v-necks from J.Crew, Everlane, and Madewell. What did I discover? There’s a great white tee out there to suit everybody’s tastes and needs, but there was one v-neck that took the cake. FIRST, a disclaimer–I often hear people complain of a lot of tops being see through. If you find this is a common occurrence, it’s because you are wearing the wrong color bra.  “Nude” is not a color that is one-size-fits all. Many nudes are too dark or too light–you need one that actually matches your skin tone. Here I’m wearing Thirdlove’s t-shirt bra in “naked-2”–I like the bra well enough (it got a little better once it was “broken in” and I like that they come in half cup sizes, which I need!) I love that it comes in several different nude shades! The safest bet, however, is probably to go into a department store with a t-shirt you deem is “see through” and try on several bras. You’ll likely find that it’s not as much your shirts that are the issue! Okay, now that that’s out of the way, scroll down to find out more!   Relaxed fit, here I’m wearing my normal size, which is small. When I first pulled on this tee, Neal told me that it looked like something I had stolen from the Little Boy’s department. ? (Which is funny, because he owns one that looks JUST like it??) That being said, not sure if your husband will like it, but I personally think it’s so cute! It’s definitely the “trendy it  tee” on this list, and I can easily see why it was so popular with GG readers! I think a tucked-out shirt adds about 10 additional pounds to any frame and just isn’t really flattering, but that’s just a personal opinion. BUT, if you absolutely do not like tucking your shirt in, this is a good option because it’s cropped, and therefore hits you higher at the waist, which is in turn, more flattering. If you plan to wear it untucked, I’d recommend sizing down, because I think an untucked shirt should be slimmer fitting than a front-tucked shirt–an oversized, untucked shirt just makes you look like a giant box, and nobody wants that! If you do want it tucked in, and like a relaxed, oversized feel, go with your normal size! Overall, I love the casual feel to this one, the fact that it’s cropped, it’s super soft, not see through, and I think the pocket is such a cute little tomboy touch.     I’m wearing a small, which is my normal size. It’s supposed to be slimmer and is therefore much more form-fitting than the other tees, but if you like the slim shape but don’t want it as tight, you could size up. So I have very conflicted thoughts on this tee. I thought it was going to be a home-run because I own it in two other striped colors and I ADORE them, but at first I really hated it in white, but then I realized that it just can’t be put in the same category as the other t-shirts. Anna pointed out that it’s more refined, dainty, lady-like, and dressier–which connected the dots for me–of course I didn’t like it, because I was comparing it to the other t-shirts when it’s truly in its own category. This tee satisfies a completely different purpose. For one, it’s definitely supposed to be more form-fitting vs loose, which makes it a great tee to pair with a feminine skirt, or even a tee that you can wear to the office with a pair of slacks. I would liken this tee to something classy enough for Jackie-O or Audrey Hepburn to rock. The arms are longer than most short-sleeve tees, which is nice, but on the flip-side, they’re also tighter and slimmer than any other tee. This can be a positive or negative, depending on preference. Additionally, the material is definitely thicker and stretchier–and for whatever reason I think this makes it show more lines/bumps/etc than other tees. For example, if you don’t tuck it in, the bulge of the waist of your pants underneath is obvious (which isn’t a total dealbreaker, because that can be lessened with some bunching of the tee), as is the line of your bra (if you have a perfectly fitting bra, this probably isn’t noticeable, but if you don’t, it will be.) However, it is not see through, so that’s a big plus! Overall, if you’re looking for a truly polished, slim-fitting crewneck t-shirt to tuck into skirts, office pants, jeans, and the like, this is a good tee for you.     I’m wearing a small, which is my normal size. I find that it’s true to size, but size up if you want it to be looser. I think this is a really good “goldilocks” crewneck tee. It’s not too tight, not too baggy, not too thick, but not too thin. The sleeves are a bit shorter than some other tees, which I think makes it look casual but polished. I’m just not really as much of a heathered tee kind of girl, and I think it makes it too hard to dress the tee up. The length is average–personally, I like it tucked in, but the fact that it’s a bit more form fitting than other tees (and doesn’t bell out and fits through the waist nicely) makes it a very flattering option for those who don’t like to tuck in their shirts. See through-ness: I will say this is definitely the most sheer of the crewnecks, but as long as you’re wearing a nude bra that matches your skin tone, it’s definitely not problematic in my opinion. I would say that depending on the color of your bra, if you’re LOOKING for your bra underneath the tee, you can probably detect it, but if you aren’t, there’s no way you’d notice.     I’m wearing a small, my normal size–it’s pretty oversized and loose. If you want to tie it, order your normal size, if you want it untucked, size down. Funny enough, I wholeheartedly expected this Madewell tee to remain #1 in my book after the research phase of this post was over–but it actually got beat out (I’ll tell you my favorite in a second!) Here’s the thing–this tee is fine if you like your tees tied. They have actually improved the design since the last one I purchased a couple years ago (I bought a new one for the purposes of this review). The older versions used to bell out when un-tucked, but the new one doesn’t. However, I really dislike the fact that it’s heathered. I just prefer things with a bit more polish and the heather ruins that for me. Other knocks against it: (only if you want to wear it untucked) is it just feels very dowdy and frumpy to me when it’s not tucked in. It’s just a lot of material–that isn’t a good look on anyone ? It also stretches out a lot so I wasn’t super happy with that. I still think it’s a good shirt, and had I not tried out the others, I would say this shirt is a great one, but now that I have–well, this is no longer my favorite ?. I think you can do better (which shocks me, because, again, this was my favorite pick going in!)     Wearing a small, my normal size. Runs true to size. The main knock I have against this shirt is, again, the heathered quality. If that’s not a problem for you, I really like this tee otherwise. If you want a heathered white tee, I’d go with this one over the Madewell one. Honestly because I do think it’s slimmer fit makes it much more flattering when untucked. Its even a bit lighter-weight than the Madewell version, which makes it excellent for summer. On the other hand, the fabric is a little more sheer than other tees in my opinion. Definitely not a deal breaker or problematic if your bra matches your skin tone. I’m not really that big of a fabric snob. However the negative reviews online do say the fabric is a bit on the cheap side and gets holes easily. (I haven’t had it very long, so I can’t comment on that). I do like that it doesn’t have a pocket, just because it makes it easier to dress up. A cute buy if you like a heathered tee. Although I’d probably say the fabric is lesser quality than its Madewell counterpart. On the flip side, if you want the thinnest, lightest tee possible (like if you get hot easily) then this is a good pick for you!      True to size, but based on reviews I sized up to a medium (I usually wear a small) so I could tie it. If I wanted it untucked, I’d order normal size, otherwise it’s too big to wear untucked! (Which is evident in the photos, haha!) WINNER WINNER WINNER! The only tee I’ve found that isn’t heathered, isn’t see-through, is amazingly soft and high quality. I truly love everything about it, and I will never have a need to buy any other v-neck ever again. I love it so much that now I’m convinced I need it in every color. Plus I also want to try Everlane’s regular crewneck, too! I’m not surprised–is there anything Everlane doesn’t make better than everyone else? SaveSave SaveSave Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Outfits, Style  
Taylor says  May 24, 2018 at 7:52 am I love posts like this! I am all about practical and staple pieces! Thanks for sharing, Jess! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Allie says  May 24, 2018 at 8:40 am This is really helpful, thank you! It’s perfect timing too- they changed the fabric on my go to white tee and have been looking for new options. xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
MISSPRINT Clothing says  May 28, 2018 at 7:20 am Your post is really great! And the ideas for wear the white tee are very helpful. 
Jennifer says  May 28, 2018 at 9:56 am Thank you for this post! I’ve been on a quest and this narrows the search! 
Elizabeth says  June 11, 2018 at 8:50 am So thankful you took the time for this legwork! I too am a heathered avoider so it was very helpful ?Everlane here I come. 
Wendy M says  June 11, 2018 at 2:14 pm I love a good t!  Have you tried Amazon’s own brand, “daily ritual?”  They make solid v-necks that are also pretty affordable. 
Leanne says  November 1, 2018 at 1:14 pm Love your blog. Have you ever had pin holes in your Madewell tees? I constantly get them. There response was you have to wear Madewell jeans which I do. I have 7 in my closet. 2:have been repaired and 2 are getting dropped off today for repair. Still love them though. Also found out to buy their product at Nordstrom. Their return policy is way better. […] Btw, Jess Key’s wrote a great post about the best white tees. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White And Black Blouses, Gold Lariat Necklaces, Black Pumps Shoes, Embroidered and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 7, 2016   Happy Thursday! Guess what today is? The very last day of the ShopBop Friends & Family sale! Nearly everything on the site is 25% off with code INTHEFAM and this includes so many items that are rarely EVER on sale! (Lot’s of great finds to be had, you guys.) Check out my favorites below!             



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                          Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pumps Heels Shoes, High Waisted Flare Pants, White Jeans, Shoe Wedges On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 23, 2018   Above: my J.Crew jean jacket is marked down at both Nordstrom and J.Crew! Hi friends! Thanks for your patience in my post delay today  I had such a crazy day yesterday (that ended in such a fun girls dinner to celebrate Blair’s birthday at Coda Di Volpe) that I wasn’t able to get a head-start on it like I would’ve liked ? There are SO many sales going on right now, but most notable is the Nordstrom Half-Yearly sale! So many amazing finds are marked down–they have a really good selection this year and I’m very impressed! I spent all morning rounding up some of my favorites below, as well as some highlights in the last section! I hope this helps you navigate all the great deals a little easier! ? One of the biggest sales of the year, and includes 40% off on so many items for women, men, and kids! Here are some of my favorite picks from the women’s sale:  My favorite jean jacket: My J.Crew jean jacket is marked down at both Nordstrom and J.Crew! Runs TTS but if you prefer it to be a little oversized, I’d size up. I talk about it ALL the time and I own it in two colors, and now you can snag it for $29! You’ll wear it to everything from work to bachelorette parties, dinner dates, vacations, and more. Just buy the dress!  If you’re in the market for a dress for a specific occasion, this wrap dress would be the perfect go-to “going out” dress that is sexy in the most under-stated way! It would be perfect for a bachelorette party or an upcoming trip to Vegas or Miami. I also love this sweet off the shoulder midi dress–it’s so simple but makes a statement in the best way–the yellow version reminds me of Belle! This satin slipdress is also amazing for any formal occasion you’ll attend this summer and is only $35! Speaking of weddings, I’m obsessed with this marked down J.Crew ruffled number–it would work for both cocktail and black tie! This pretty green wrap dress would be versatile for so many occasions–including work! Blazers are having a moment right now, and I’m ALL about it. My white J.Crew summer blazer is on major sale! I love the striped pattern of this one, and the double-breasted qualities of this one (love that it comes in white!)–both come in several colors! Wear it over a shift dress for work or a baby shower (ahem, the one above would work nicely–see how I styled it with a blazer in this post!) and pair it with a slinky camisole, wedgie jeans (also on sale! Size up!) and strappy heels (this amazing super versatile nude pair is now marked down!) for a night out. You guys know how much I love a good bathrobe, and this beautiful floral silk version is marked down to just $34! I love these in the summer for getting ready (you don’t get too hot either!) This satin short PJ set ($35!)  is also the cutest thing I’ve ever seen, and this PJ set (also marked down to $35)looks SOO comfy, too! Levi’s Mile High Skinnies are marked down in a really cute light color, as well as a distressed light version if you’ve been wanting some lighter jeans for summer! This pair of Wedgie jeans is discounted too, which rarely happens! I’ve also got my eye on these dark cropped straight-leg Paige jeans. I love Paige and I really like how these are cropped and straight-leg, but they’re still dark, so you get the slimming effects of the dark denim but the updated, on-trend cropped leg, too! They’re the perfect in-between! Lot’s of denim shorts on sale too! I especially love this $42 pair that has a button fly–not too short, just right! If you’ve been dying to switch up your work wardrobe for summer–J.Crew’s “seasonless stretch” trousers are on-sale ($47!), and I love the olive and greyish-purple which are a nice mix-up from the usual black or navy! Also, these adorable Wayf trousers are now only $35! This striped button down would be great for the office, but also super cute tied up with jean shorts, or thrown on as a cover-up over a bikini for vacation! This Madewell chambray dress would be ideal for travel, brunch, or walking around the city on a casual summer day! This flutter sleeve dress would be a great choice for almost anything this spring or summer–it’s the perfect length, has a pretty flutter sleeve and would look just as cute with heels as it would with flats or sneakers! It would also transition well into fall with a pair of OTK boots! There are some really cute styles on sale–these Marc Fisher Wedges are similar to the ones I own and tons of sizes are still available! These will go FAST so get ’em soon! These Steve Madden sandals are also marked down and are the perfect “barely there” nude sandals–great for weddings too! These Sam Edelman caged flat sandals are also SO cute and make the perfect amount of statement! Lot’s of really cute markdowns right now in their sale section! There are a lot of good deals under $100 and they have a ton of Free People on sale and a great selection of BB Dakota sale items, too! 40% off shirts, dresses, and more! Listing a few favorites below! Up to 50% off! Even includes new arrivals! 20% off dresses with code PRETTYPLEASE SaveSave This little sun dress is the cutest and will look adorable with heels, flat sandals, or sneakers! It’s the perfect versatile piece for a summer wardrobe. I love Paige jeans and I really like how these are high waisted, cropped and straight-leg, but they’re still dark, so you get the super slimming effects of the dark denim but the updated, on-trend cropped leg, too! They’re the perfect in-between if you’ve felt that the latest denim trends are too “trendy” for you! This is the perfect summer staple for the office! Pair it with a silk blouse + office pants, throw it over a dress like this one (also on sale!), or rock it on casual Friday with some cute jeans for a low-key, yet still professional look. I’ve been seeing these EVERYWHERE and I think they’re so cute. They’re the perfect summer slide–cool enough to wear in the heat but the closed toe makes them perfect for in-between weather, (and airplanes, too!) Every woman needs a “I have literally nothing to wear” dress. This is an ideal “goldilocks” dress for several reasons–it’s sexy but tasteful and appropriate everywhere–the sleeves paired with the shorter hem mean its perfect year-round, and the wrap design is super flattering on so many body types. It’s perfect for everything from a Vegas trip to a dinner date. And it’s $26!! (Comes in several colors!) I love this little wrap skirt! It comes in so many colors/patterns. It looks like the perfect length (great for the office if your office isn’t too strict with dress code!) and perfect for brunch, showers, etc! I know a lot of you guys have been searching for the perfect polished flats for summer weddings, travel, graduation parties, etc, and I think these are PERFECT! I love the neutral-rose-gold color and they have 5 star reviews for comfort! Okay I couldn’t choose between this one and the other one so I included them both–haha! I love this one (it comes in white and a natural tan color) and it’s lightweight but will still protect you from that chilly office AC. It looks great for work but equally as cute for a night out! BOOM! Finished! Finito! I found the perfect one piece. That’s it. Game over. I mean, what more can you want out of a one-piece bathing suit? Not too matronly, not too scandalous, and the perfect amount of sexy while still being classy. And THE PRICE! These are soo cute–not too short, a versatile medium wash, and high-waisted, so they’re insanely flattering all around! This easy tank dress comes in so many colors is is the ideal breezy summer one-piece to throw on over a bikini or to pair with a pair of summer wedges for a cute casual night out. My J.Crew jean jacket is marked down at both Nordstrom and J.Crew! Runs TTS but if you prefer it to be a little oversized, I’d size up. I truly wear this jacket at least 3 times per week and it looks so cute with everything from dresses to t-shirts (and yes, you CAN wear it with jeans!) Filed Under: Style  
Allie says  May 23, 2018 at 1:40 pm I love Nordstrom’s sales, they put good items on sale not just really old inventory. I love that jean jacket! There’s also some adorable Kate Spade pajamas on sale! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Meg says  May 24, 2018 at 9:00 am I just got the Leith shift dress at your rec and I LOVE it! It’s so versatile! 
Esha says  May 28, 2018 at 10:05 pm The Denim Jacket looks fantastic and suits you perfectly Jess  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Candles, Black Formal Gowns, Formal Gowns, Black Lace Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 30, 2015   Barbour Trevose Raincoat c/o Barbour Lincoln Park—also available both in navy and yellow on sale right here! // Sweater + loafers: c/o Barbour Lincoln Park, but sold out online // Jeans: Henry & Belle // Bag: old, but similar here // Watch: Daniel Wellington Happy Thursday! (Doesn’t it feel more like Friday? Why is that?) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Last night I attended the new Rent the Runway store opening party in River North, which was perhaps one of the coolest parties I’ve been to in awhile. Not to mention, I’m ecstatic that it’s opened right in time for wedding season! Then the girls headed to Henry’s Swing Club for some post party cocktails and dinner (which was amazing–have you been yet?)  It was a MUCH needed girls night out. Now that things are finally thawing in Chicago, I’m so excited to actually be social again! Okay, so I GUESS that’s why it feels like Friday to me. I’m usually in bed by 10 on most Wednesdays ;-P Moving on! I’m just going to come out and say it: I love this rain coat. It’s the perfect spring jacket. Its lightweight, but still warm, waterproof without actually looking like a rubbery rain coat. It’s perfect! Plus, it has an adorable navy and white striped liner (and you know me and stripes.) I also usually hate the color yellow. I think I own two yellow things, I’m not really sure why, but I just gravitated toward this sweater. It’s so bright and cheery, and slightly nautical at the same time. I think I’m warming up to the color. And I could not feel more cool than when I’m wearing these navy suede oxfords (blue suede shoes!!) There’s something about them that is so classic and timeless, like I would have worn them as a child had I gone to prep school. Now, get out there and enjoy your almost-Friday!     Filed Under: Outfits, Style  […] See original post from last spring here […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, White Blouses And Tops, Platform Black Heels, Colored Denim Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 22, 2018     Chunky knit blanket: eBay (lot’s of versions in tons of colors!), Burnt Orange Pillow cover: eBay (comes in basically every imaginable and you get a set of two for $36.99!), Wreath: eBay (they also have super cute Boxwood wreaths as well!) Turtleneck: J.Crew (details in this post–or get it for less on eBay!) Leggings: Lululemon Align leggings (my favorite EVER. They feel like you’re wearing no pants at all! Lot’s for sale on eBay!) Sheepskin rug: Old from IKEA–similar here! Plaid blanket (it’s actually a blanket scarf ?–it’s old but you can shop similar here for less than $10!) **For all other bedroom furniture items please reference this post!**  So–I showed you guys a sneak peak of this post on Instagram stories the other day and IMMEDIATELY I got inundated with messages: WHERE IS THE CHUNKY KNIT THROW FROM!?!? ????? I thought it would be fun to see if you guys could guess–here were some of the responses:    Lot’s of Etsy guesses, lot’s of Anthro, West Elm and Nordstrom guesses…(also, you think I made this? You give me too much credit ?) Butttt I stumped ALL of you (except for one! Props to my girl DIANA for being the only correct guess out of all the responses! It’s from EBAY!  Bet you didn’t see that coming, right? Turns out they have a ton of amazing affordable home decor (and a huge portion of it is “new” and “buy it now” with free shipping, too!) Anyway, they’re one of my favorite partners to work with–and today, I’m sharing three updates I made to our bedroom to get it cozy and ready for fall and the holidays coming up!    One of the easiest seasonal updates you can make to your home? Swap out your throw pillow covers! I usually have a bright coral pillow on our bed–but I found these super affordable velvet pillow cases (I love velvet for fall!) in the prettiest burnt orange hue–I thought it was the perfect color swap! I also got these in a moody midnight blue velvet for the living room ? I have NEVER figured out what to hang above that bed for the past THREE years ?Anytime I go to make a decision I honestly just get really overwhelmed. I was scouring Pinterest the other day and saw a photo of a wreath above a bed and I knew I had to re-create it! Honestly, I love the rustic elements of cotton wreaths–but they have cute boxwood wreaths on eBay too! I never would’ve thought to hang a wreath in the master bedroom–but I absolutely love the vibe and that it’s no longer a forgotten place in the house when it comes to festive decor! Last but not least–obviously–everyone’s obsession–the chunky knit blanket. This is obviously a purchase your husband will not understand (“why would you buy a blanket with giant holes in it?!” he says) but you will fall in love each time you look at it–and when your friends come over to admire it, they will totally understand too. It totally adds a “hygge” element to any room you put it in! I also love playing around with some cute little sheepskin accent rugs! They’re really affordable and go a long way to spice up your decor! And…you know, my favorite party trick–turning a blanket scarf into an accent blanket ?I only have about 100 laying around the house, so it’s time I put them to good use! Several of you responded and said that you also use blanket scarves for Christmas tree skirts, table runners, and hang them over blanket ladders which proves once again that we are all the same person.  Shop this post:    Thanks to eBay–one of my favorite go-to spot’s for the best deals–for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 100% my own, and thanks so much for supporting the brands that allow me to continue creating the best possible content for my #1 girls–YOU! ? Filed Under: Home Decor, Style  
Kathy Robinson says  October 22, 2018 at 8:12 am Beautiful, simple and chic!  Can you tell me where you purchased your table lamps? 
Kelly says  October 22, 2018 at 8:18 am This is so helpful not only for home decor but ‘holiday’ home decor and holiday gifts!!! My mom & sister will LOVE these velvet pillow covers!! Jess, you are my family’s go to (as you know) for holiday guides but also for great deals! We appreciate all of your hard work & support you and Neal! 
Kate says  October 23, 2018 at 3:05 pm That blanket looks soooo cozy! I love the warmth it adds to your bedroom! Also really love your bedside tables and the gold lamps! Where from? Xx 
MAKEUP PRIMER, PORE-COVERIN says  October 25, 2018 at 1:38 pm In love with your super amazing photos! The color is too perfect. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Leggings, Black Leggings, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, White Bikinis Bottom and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 6, 2016   Shorts: c/o Ann Taylor (currently 50% off!)// Hat: c/o Sole Society // Shoes: similar here, here, and love this similar pair with the pop of coral! // Tank:  similar here, here, and here // Bag: Vera Bradley // Bracelets: Busywrist  Can I just go off on a quick little praising tangent for a second?  ANN TAYLOR–look at you and your summer game. Whaaattt? Have you seen their stuff lately? It’s so cute, I don’t know if I need to shop anywhere else this summer. I don’t know what’s in the water over there, but they have been KILLING. IT. (They’re also having a major 50% off sale right now, including these shorts, so definitely peruse that at work I mean on your LUNCH BREAK today.)  I’ve been living in these shorts in particular lately. I’m seriously in love–they are so so comfortable, and they are easy to wear with flats to a street fair, or pair with heels for a dressy date night. (Sizing tip: I’m wearing a 2, and typically AT and LOFT run a little big on me, but these are very true to size. Plus, they’re supposed to be a bit looser anyway.) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I’m obsessed. I also just got this shirt and this dress–which have been on constant repeat. (You know how I am, I get something new that I love and I wear it three days a week.)  Also, can we talk about how this was the first outfit shoot I’ve done as an engaged woman!? I was totally cheesing even more than usual.   This past weekend I celebrated my friend Kristine’s bachelorette party with all my college best friends. There are quite a few of us, and I’m one of the final girls to get engaged/married. I don’t know that I’d call this a “tradition” but whenever we get together, we end up passing around each other’s rings and trying them all on. (Kind of like dress up?) It’s never really a planned thing, but it always starts with one of us being like “GIMME YOUR RING!” And then everyone else joins in.  Of course, I always participated, but never had a ring to contribute! It was so funny hearing, “KEYS. GIMME THAT RING!” this weekend. My friend Coley wore mine around the apartment for like 45 minutes, haha! It was so surreal. Life has been moving so fast for all of us, and even though most of us live in Chicago, it’s hard to actually find time to see each other! It was so fun and special to all be together for the whole weekend and celebrate the sweetest bride to be. (She’s getting married at Nellcote, how amazing is that!?)  Hope you have a spectacular Monday     Shop this look:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Blair @ The Fox & She says  June 6, 2016 at 10:05 am I have these shorts too! So cute Jess! Glad we ran into you and Neal yesterday!! 
Jess Zimlich says  June 6, 2016 at 10:09 am Jess – so so cute! You look so happy  p/s these pictures have me longing to get up there even more than I was before 26 and Not Counting 
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  June 6, 2016 at 1:06 pm You seriously are so stinkin’ adorable in your photos! I guess I need to do some shopping at Ann Taylor today. Also, that is the cutest tradition that you and your friends have – I always love trying on other people’s rings even though I don’t like giving mine up to anybody, lol! 
Kelly in the City says  June 6, 2016 at 7:27 pm SO BEAUTIFUL, JESS! You and Neal are killin’ it with the photos, I love this outfit, and I loved the ring story!!! XOXO Can’t wait to see you Wednesday! <3 Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Maggie says  June 6, 2016 at 7:28 pm Those shorts are too cute!! Love the stripes! http://www.maggiealamode.com 
Kristina Anderson says  June 6, 2016 at 8:45 pm Such an adorable combo!! And a wedding at Nellcote, say whaaaaat?! That’s going to be so cool!  Kristina does the Internets 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  June 6, 2016 at 9:42 pm You look adorbs & I can NOT wait for Wednesday to see that rock  
Rachel {Love This Life} says  June 7, 2016 at 7:40 am Your ring is GORGEOUS and you are glowing! I saw those shorts on your insta and literally drove to Ann Taylor immediately to buy. I absolutely love everything they are doing this summer! 
Mackan says  June 12, 2016 at 4:33 pm You beautiful in this clothes keep it up girl […] Golden GirlTank Top | Striped Shorts | Platform Wedges | Sun Hat | Bracelet Set | Envelope Clutch […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Bralettes, Heeled Sandals, Gold Pumps Shoes, Tan Wedge Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 27, 2019     HAPPY THURSDAY! I am so, so excited for this post (my first capsule post in a LONG time) and I think you will be too! This is the perfect capsule for any vacation you’re going on this summer. I’m sharing 12 staples that result in endless outfit combinations, plus 14 of my own outfit remixes to get you started.  Now, this isn’t ANY old a capsule wardrobe, but it’s the first of it’s kind for me–a 100% EVERLANE capsule wardrobe.  Obviously whenever I get to team up with Everlane–my favorite brand–it’s a dream come true–but today is even better, because today only, they have FREE 2 day shipping–so you can get anything you see here in time for 4th of July weekend!  If you’re new around here, I’ve been an Everlane fan from the beginning when they were just a teeny tiny company (LONG before they were a sponsor of my blog!) Not only do they make high quality, versatile staples at great prices–but they are all about transparency–from the cost breakdown on how much it costs to make their clothing and how much they charge for it (you can see how much it costs them to make the item and how much they charge for it in return on every product page), to giving consumers a look into the ethical factories to make their clothes (learn all about them here!) to their goal of committing to no new plastic in their entire supply chain by 2021. This is just the tip of the iceberg–they are truly an amazing company! Just a few more reasons to feel good about your purchase!  ANYWAY–on to today’s capsule!  You’ll notice that there is a pretty heavy color scheme of blues and whites (and colors that go with blue and white) happening here. When putting together any collection of outfits (whether that’s for everyday life or when packing for a trip) the biggest piece of advice I can give is to stick to a color scheme. This ensures you can pretty much reach into your suitcase blind and put together a cute outfit. It takes all the stress out of packing and also on getting dressed!  Ever find yourself desperately trying to cram 6 pairs of shoes in your bag for a trip that only lasts three days? The way to avoid this is to choose your shoes first, and then base everything else off what matches THOSE shoes. I went with one pair of sandals, one pair of sneakers, one pair of heels–but based on where you’re going–you may want to sub out the heels for something else, and that’s totally fine!  Because this is a “vacation” capsule wardrobe, I wanted the focus to be on casual, comfortable outfits that could withstand a lot of walking in the summer heat. (Because that’s basically all we do on vacation. ) but of course–there are plenty of occasions where you’ll want to pull out a cute pair of comfy heels for date night, brunch with friends, etc–so I’ve made sure that the items I picked are easy to dress up, too!  Okay! Let’s talk about the list of items, yes?! **Please refer back to this section for in-depth item descriptions and sizing details!**  I polled you guys on Instagram on whether I should get this light blue striped version or solid navy–and it was an EVEN 50/50 split down the middle. In all honesty, I think I’m going to order the navy too. This dress is just TOO good. It’s cotton, with a stretchy back, so it hugs you in the best ways–the straps are adjustable AND they are wide enough and placed in the perfect spot to cover bra straps! The tie is completely optional/removable as well!  Sizing: TTS. I’m wearing a 0, which is my size across the board when it comes to dresses.  I LOVE a good breezy, white summery blouse. This is absolutely one I’m going to be living in all summer–I love it because its insanely light–it’s like wearing air–but it also helps protect you from the summer sun with the long sleeves! I love the collarless look, as well as the pretty, delicate details on the sleeves. This is also one of those “goldilocks” shirts that is perfect for work but also looks beautiful and effortless tucked into shorts, cutoffs, jeans, linen pants–whatever!  1. The sleeve closure runs small. I ordered a 0 but should’ve ordered a 2–so that may have been solved by sizing up–but I like my sleeves loose and cuffed anyway, so I probably wouldn’t have worn them buttoned regardless, so this was not an issue for me. 2. This is called the AIR blouse because it is supposed to be thin and breezy–I do not have an issue with it being see through because my tan bra is the same color as my skin. If you have a tan bra that does NOT match your skin, you may have some show through. I like to explain this every time I wear a white shirt because people go their whole lives wondering why they can’t find a white shirt that isn’t see through, when really their “nude” bra is the problem, not the shirt.  If you’re more of a classic button down kinda girl, they also have a classic air button-down!  Sizing: Small at the arm closures. I usually can go 0 or 2 in Everlane tops, and I wish I’d done the 2, so size up if you’re on the fence. (Granted, I always cuff my sleeves anyway so that didn’t matter to me, haha!)  The striped tee is one of my #1 travel staples, because every outfit looks SO much cuter with a striped tee than it does with a plain ole white tee! Not that white tees don’t have their place, but when you’re trying to stick to a minimal capsule wardrobe, it’s great to have some basics that pack some personality punch–and stripes do just that!  By the way, this is their cotton box cut tee, which I absolutely adore. I’ve owned these for a few years now and I have them in a few colors. I love that they’re a little bit cropped–not too tight but not too loose, and almost a vintage-type cut–and so comfy!  Sizing: True to size, I’m wearing a small.  I loovveee this tank. It’s probably my favorite tank that I own. It’s the best basic–it’s the perfect amount of loose but not too loose, and it’s seriously like wearing–well–air–so it’s very appropriately named. My favorite way to wear it is tied up in a knot.  Sizing: True to size, I’m wearing a small–but meant to be oversized, if that makes sense. Order your normal size.  I got soo many questions about the Patch Pocket shorts when they came out, so I was so excited to finally get the chance to review them! I actually asked you guys to vote on which you wanted me to style more, the shorts or the skirt–and shocker, another 50/50 split. The good news is–you’re getting both reviewed anyway.  Another tough decision–should I get white, or navy? Couldn’t decide there either–so, alas, I figured it was best to show you guys BOTH options so you could decide which color you like best for yourself!  What I love most is that they don’t gap at the waist (which allllwayyyss happens with high waisted shorts with me) and they aren’t tight on the thighs! The material is substantial and they have the perfect amount of stretch. High waisted, short but not TOO short–they’re also very flattering! (If you’re really picky about finding shorts that are the right length, I posted two awkward photos of my behind while wearing these shorts further down this post JUST for you–so you could assess the length for yourself! )  Also similar–the high rise, Cotton Twill short, if that’s more your style! The patch pockets were fully stocked when I ordered them but they’ve since sold out in a lot of sizes I’m so sorry, I hate when that happens. I do my best to only post in-stock items but sometimes it’s out of my control! If you do see your size, snap it up because they’re going FAST. I will enquire about potential re-stocks and report back here.  Sizing: True to size. I wear a 0 in all Everlane bottoms and these fit perfectly!  Shorts alternative:  If you aren’t a shorts person, all the looks I’m styling here with shorts would also look ADORABLE with pants–especially Everlane’s wide leg crops, or their newer straight leg crops! I know some of my gals aren’t into shorts, so just wanted to call out an alternative substitution!  If you’ve been wanting a cute, flattering skirt that is longer than a mini skirt but isn’t a pencil skirt? This is the perfect in between! Depending on where you work, this would be a great work skirt as well as a super cute weekend skirt, because it’s definitely not too short, it’s not too tight behind, but somehow, doesn’t look frumpy at all and would be totally cute for a date. (Magic?)  Sizing: True to size. I wear a 0 in all Everlane bottoms and these fit perfectly!  I have a similar pair of shorts I brought to Italy with me last year (life savers!) and these are like the new version! Sometimes you just need a short that is loose, cool, comfy, takes zero time to pull on, but still looks polished. Here they are! They come in lot’s of great colors, too!  Sizing: True to size. I wear a 0 in all Everlane bottoms and these fit perfectly!  Alternative: They also just came out with easy chino pants, if you don’t like shorts! These would be great for work/travel as well!  I LOVVVEEEE these sneakers. I call these my “cool girl sneakers”–I feel like they’re pushing the cool limits for me but they still totally work because the design has a little bit of a vintage flair–therefore, they’re trendy AND classic at the same time! They are also insanely comfortable, with a lot of support. These would be great shoes to walk allllll over in while traveling.  Sizing: True to size. I wear an 8 and I ordered an 8 and they fit great.  If you’re basically just searching for slippers disguised as sandals, these are them. I love the criss-cross detail, the beautiful color of the leather–but also, because they feel like butter on my feet. Like, REAL butter. Not the kind in the tub–the expensive European kind. These are the KERRYGOLD BUTTER of sandals, you guys. I need to order them in black too before they’re gone.  Sizing: True to size. I wear an 8 and I ordered an 8 and they fit great.  Such a fantastic versatile block heel! Not too high, go with everything–and I love the square toe! They are also very comfortable (they do take a litttlleee bit of breaking in–but worth it, promise).  Sizing: True to size. I wear an 8 and I ordered an 8 and they fit great.  The ones I’m wearing here are both old/vintage, so I can’t link to them, but I definitely wanted to illustrate how one little accessory can make a big difference in mixing up a look, and how it can take a pair of cute, classic, simple staples and make them into an entirely new outfit! Plus, hair scarves SAVE me in the summer heat–I wear them on the hottest days (especially traveling) to extend hair in between washes and keep it off my face when temperatures spike. Related posts: How to tie a hair scarf and how to tie a bandana.  Okay–now the even more exciting part–the outfits!      Cotton Weave Picnic Midi Dress, Day Sandals This first look is a no-brainer for everything from walking around exploring during the day, to grabbing pizza on the patio for a casual dinner! This dress is comfortable enough to wear around ALL day. (Plus, the straps totally cover your bra straps, so you don’t have to deal with a strapless bra all day either!) Huzzah! (P.S. this dress also comes in dark navy, which is also perfect for the 4th!)      Cotton Weave Picnic Midi Dress, Double strap block heels Need to dress up? No problem! Just swap out the day sandals for simple block heels for a look that is ultra polished and put together. You won’t have to worry about walking to dinner in these either! (They do require a teensy bit of break-in though IMO. This look would also be great for work with a cardigan throw over the top, or so cute with a white jean jacket!      Patch Pocket Shorts, Striped tee, TREAD sneakers Next up, we have the navy Patch Pocket shorts–which, I am so upset to say–are selling out VERY quickly. They were fully stocked when I ordered the product but they’ve gone so fast. If you see your size, snap it up ASAP! Anyway–this look (as are many that you’ll see here shortly) is the perfect outfit for a heavy day of walking while on vacation. It’s cute, comfortable, and most importantly, keeps you cool! This is the outfit formula I revisit over and over again!      Air Collarless Blouse, Patch Pocket Shorts, Double strap block heels  Next up, I wanted to demonstrate how versatile these heels are by pairing them with shorts–which is something I rarely do. As a rule, I think heels and shorts are pretty hard to pull off without looking like a “lady of the night” but because these are a low, chunky heel with beautiful, simplistic lines–they actually add the perfect amount of dressed-up polish to these shorts! Additionally, the shorts are “nice” enough to be able to pair well with heels–which is great, because they’re a lot more versatile than jean shorts! They are the perfect match for Everlane’s summery cotton button down, which adds the perfect amount of easygoing polish. This is the perfect outfit to wear out to dinner in the summer, whether on vacation or at home! **Also sorry for the butt picture, but I knew you’d want to know how short they were in the back **      Air Cami, Patch Pocket Shorts, Day Sandals I definitely wanted to include Everlane’s Air Cami in this post–I’ve had this tank for over a year and have worn it into the GROUND. I wear it with everything from jeans to shorts to dressing it up with heels, to working out in it–everything. It’s so lightweight it feels like you’re wearing nothing. An absolute lifesaver in the summer! You wouldn’t normally think a white tank is very exciting, but you’ll see how versatile it is when this post is over! It pairs perfectly with casual shorts and slides for an effortless combination. Add a neck scarf or a swipe of red lipstick (or both!) for a finishing touch.     Striped tee, TREAD sneakers, Easy chino shorts See what I mean when I say a striped tee adds so much more personality to a basic outfit than a plain ole tee does? This striped tee pairs perfectly with their new easy chino shorts! (I’m a big fan of their easy work pants, so I knew I’d love these too!) These are the shorts you pull on on the HOTTEST of days–when all you want is something loose and comfy on your body. They’re fantastic because they can be styled almost as a hybrid between a regular short and an athletic short–so they’d be great for a vacation day where you’re doing outdoor activities but want to look put together, making it a European vacation essential! I also love that they’re not too short, and they aren’t remotely tight on the thighs!       Air Collarless Blouse, Day Sandals, Easy chino shorts  For a more classic/polished look, swap the striped tee for the air collarless blouse! They are an effortless, breezy match made in heaven–with the comfy-as-slippers day sandals rounding out the look! You could totally swap in the block heels though to make this outfit even more polished–the shorts are so versatile!      Air Cami, Day Sandals, Easy chino shorts Another “OMG IT’S SO HOT, WHAT DO I WEAR?!” outfit. I basically wore an iteration of this outfit every day in Rome because it was 8000 degrees–I was so thankful for “barely there” clothes!      Striped tee, Patch Pocket Shorts (High Rise Cotton Twill Shorts are similar), Double strap block heels Now on to the WHITE patch pocket shorts. Like I mentioned in the upfront, I couldn’t choose which color between white and navy (they’re so different!) so I decided on both! Please don’t think this is me telling you that you NEED both–I’m just providing options!  I love love these shorts–I also felt obligated to include a super awkward photo of my butt (a weird thing to post on the internet, but you needed to know they aren’t see through and also how they fit in the back. Please excuse the chair marks on my thighs. I’m a really good blogger guys.)  ANYWAY. I love this look because it demonstrates how versatile the shorts and the t-shirt really are. It’s pretty tough to dress up any old t-shirt with shorts and heels, but it works here because of the striped pattern and also because I think the t-shirt quality is a bit more classic.      Air Cami, Patch Pocket Shorts, (High Rise Cotton Twill Shorts are similar), TREAD sneakers You’re about to discover my love for white on white here in a second–but truly–I don’t think there’s a better monochromatic combination for summer. It’s so crisp and refreshing! Yet again, a perfect “on your feet all day” look for vacation on a hot day!     Air Collarless Blouse, Patch Pocket Shorts, (High Rise Cotton Twill Shorts are similar), Day Sandals More proof of how versatile the air blouse is–you can leave it loose, tuck in the front, OR tie it in a knot! This is why I love button-downs so much–the combinations are endless. Another white on white look you can wear everywhere this summer!      Patch Pocket Skirt, Striped tee, Day Sandals The patch pocket skirt! As mentioned in the upfront, I polled you guys on whether or not you wanted to see the Patch Pocket Skirt or Patch Pocket Shorts styled, and it was a 50/50 split–so here we are! For my gals who aren’t into shorts–I still gotchu! I was so excited when I pulled on this skirt because it seems like the solution so many of you are looking for–conservative enough for work (pending you work somewhere that isn’t formal) yet still cute enough to wear outside of the office. This is it! It comes in black and brown as well!  It pairs so well with a striped shirt–even if you aren’t a white skirt girl and got the black, it would be just as cute with the black and white striped version of this tee!      Patch Pocket Skirt, Air Collarless Blouse, Double strap block heels I also wanted to demonstrate how easily you could dress this skirt up–just add a blouse and heels (in this case, the air blouse and double strap block heels, obvi ) and it’s polished enough for work (I definitely would’ve worn this to work at my ad agency)–but also so summery and cute to wear out to dinner on vacation!      Air Cami, Patch Pocket Skirt,  Day Sandals Last but not least, this is really just a more casual version of the above outfit formula–swapping the blouse for the tank, the block heels for the flats, and adding the hair scarf to spice things up! Another white on white home run, in my opinion.  WHEW! We made it to the end! I hope you leave this post feeling SO inspired with so many ideas for your summer travel wardrobe! Remember, Everlane has FREE two day shipping today (both US and International–excluding China) so if you’re in the US, you can get any of these just in time for 4th of July weekend!  Shop all the Everlane items I styled here:   
 Thank you SO much to Everlane, one of my favorite brands ever, for sponsoring this post. Working with you guys is always a dream! And thank you to my girls (YOU!) for supporting the brands who help support this blog!  Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Tops, Gold Flat Shoes, Metallic Shoes, Black Booties Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 28, 2019   HAPPYYY Monday!  We had a fun, but VERY packed weekend–and it’s not letting up anytime soon–we’ve got another busy week ahead! As much as it makes me sad when it gets dark early, I’m looking forward to daylight savings change (it happens on November 3rd, btw) because it is nearly impossible for me to drag myself out of bed when it’s dark out! BAH. Definitely getting a later start to my morning than originally planned! You too!?  Today is a quick, but fun post, because my beloved Thread and Supply Wubby Fleece (that I wear all day every day–basically anytime I’m in the house–all fall and winter) is on sale for $49 at 35% off!  I got this new cream version as part of the Nordstrom sale, but wore my grey one from last year SO much–I decided I could use another one to throw into the rotation! Last year, it sold out around the holidays and couldn’t be found ANYWHERE after the fact, so now is a great time to snag it if you’ve been wanting one!  It’s hands down the most-worn sweatshirt I’ve ever owned (which is why I rationalized purchasing it in two colors, haha)! I always get so many questions about it whenever I post it on stories, so I thought it deserved its own post today!  You should size down because it runs big and it’s boxy. I have an XS in this cream one you see here, but my grey one from last year is a small, and it’s a lot bigger/more oversized!  Last year’s sweatshirt was lined with a super soft jersey material (which is so comfy), but the cream one I got this year actually isn’t–which I love too. I believe this year’s grey version is the same as well–the soft sheep-like material against your skin is enough to make you look forward to freezing temperatures.  SO WARM. It’s the warmest thing I have to throw on over my PJ’s in the morning or at night. It’s definitely warmer than a bathrobe. If you’re someone who is always cold, you will LOVE this.  Order two sizes and return the one that doesn’t work. Nordstrom always has free shipping and free returns! Because last year they sold out and when they were gone, they were gone. I’d err on the side of caution and order multiple sizes at the same time, because sometimes by the time you get it, and try it on, and want to exchange for a different size, they’ll be sold out! (Or not on sale anymore!)  Tip: As is the case whenever you have something boxy up on top, you’ll want something form-fitting on the bottom. Because the sweater adds bulk on the top and you’ll want to balance it out. That means skinny jeans, leggings, etc are going to be a better option than say, straight leg or wide-leg cropped jeans. Here are three ideas on how to style it:   A go-to pairing for the Wubby Fleece is a great pair of skinny jeans. I LOVE these skinny jeans which are the AG Farrah skinny jeans–they are SO insanely stretchy and soft (they basically feel like super soft cloth!) ALSO–they’re 33% off right now!  BTW if you’re in the market for new jeans, see Real Women Approved: Best Jeans for Every Body Type, According to Readers!  Here, I’ve paired the jeans and Wubby with leopard loafers, which add a really stylish, polished element to the outfit and make it a little bit more chic and sophisticated! (The pair I’m wearing here is sold out but this is my other favorite pair that I’ve had for years!)   Want to be comfortable, cozy but stylish? Look like you put in a little effort even though you didn’t?  Pair your Wubby with faux leather leggings (Spanx and Commando make my favorite pairs!) and some chic booties! (The ones I’m wearing here are almost sold out–I LOVE them–but this pair is similar!)   Same skinny jeans as above–the AG Farrah skinny jeans–they are SO insanely stretchy and soft (they basically feel like super soft cloth!) ALSO–they’re 33% off right now! Crazy how different an outfit can look with just a swap of shoes, right!? I love the look of a great crisp white sneaker! (The pair I’m wearing here is sold out–they went so fast during the Nordstrom sale–but these are similar, and I also love my Tretorns which give the same polished preppy look!)  Shop this post:    Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Sneakers, Denim Mini Skirts, Short Sleeve Dresses, Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 4, 2018   Sweater: Madewell (available at both Nordstrom and Madewell! Up to 30% off!) If you love these colors, you’ll love this J.Crew tee (I love their perfect tees!) with the same color stripes! Jeans: c/o J.Crew–fit TTS 40% off right now! So comfortable and stretchy! I love the cropped/cutoff leg and button fly! Also come in skinny toothpick version! Loafers: Gucci–but also love Sam Edelman’s version which are also insanely comfortable! Bag: Madewell transport tote–30% off right now with code ONYOURMARK! They make a zip-top version now too! Earrings: Amazon–like $8! They’re my favorite earrings ? LOTS happening over here this week, guys. Mainly–it’s closet renovation week! Huzzah! I’m working with The Container Store to revamp our master bedroom closet and Neal’s office closet and oh my gosh, I can’t wait to see the finished result. Our whole house currently looks like a bomb went off because everything that was in both of those closets is strewn elsewhere, but I keep telling myself it will be worth it ? In other great news, before we dive into today’s outfit–nearly everything I’m wearing in this post happens to be on sale! And I didn’t even plan it that way ? Love when that happens! Two sales you should know about right now: Some favorites from Madewell: My sweater I’m wearing above (obvi)–runs TTS! I’m wearing a small. (It’s also price matched at Nordstrom!) Linking some other really cute ones below! These mules (I just got them over our anniversary staycation weekend!) They’re really comfy and I love how they make every outfit look perfectly classic and “fallish” (on trend but not too trendy!) These super chic suede ankle boots that are the PERFECT heel height ?? One of my FAVORITE all-purpose totes, the Transport tote. They make a zip-top version now too! All of Madewells bags are amazing, so if you’re in the market–definitely snap one up during the sale! OBSESSED with this turtleneck sweatshirt (I love that it’s a sweatshirt!) in the prettiest marigold color! This white and black striped tissue turtleneck tee–GUYS! I haven’t seen a white one with black stripes for two years! (The one I have is SO OLD from J.Crew and I was furious they never brought it back! I’m snapping this up bc mine has holes in it I wear it so much every winter ?) Favorites from J.Crew:  The jeans I’m wearing here. They are SO comfortable–I love their cropped length (which makes them easy to wear with those booties you can never figure out how to make work with skinny jeans!) This leopard blouse I just got–I wore it to a bridal shower on Saturday and then out for a birthday party and it was perfect! The camel-mustard colored topcoat I’ve been wearing nonstop the past couple of weeks! It makes everything I pair with it look SO much cuter! This adorable pajama set. It has “do not disturb” embroidered in cursive on the pocket. S’cute! Their classic STUNNING Sadie ankle boots. They come in tons of colors–I particularly love black, this beautiful rust color, and leopard print! I’ve been wanting to pull the trigger on these but I can’t decide which color! One of the most versatile pairs of shoes you’ll by all year! Chateau Parka–one of their super popular parkas that’s also super warm–it’s made with their stadium cloth, which makes it a lot warmer than most wool coats out there! Chic, comfy work pants that don’t look like “office pants”– the matte crepe material of these pull on “easy pants” will make them favorites in and out of the office! Velvet leopard wrap dress–polished enough for work, fun enough for a party–you’ll wear this dress for everything! Shop everything that’s part of the J.Crew sale here! Anyway–on to today’s outfit!   The star of the show here is clearly the sweater–I don’t know about you, but I’m seeing a lot of striped sweaters this year in lot’s of beautiful fall colors–burnt oranges, browns, marigolds, dusty pinks, greys, and more! I love it. (I mean, do you know me? I own FAR too many stripes, but I love each and every one!) Here I went classic and casual–pairing it with these jeans from J.Crew (which are on sale by the way!) I love the button fly and the straight, cropped leg–paired with the colors in this sweater, it pays homage to one of my favorite decades–the 70’s! I went with a classic loafer for footwear, and some fun but subtle earrings to jazz it up. At first glance, you may not think this is a “versatile” sweater–but louder pieces can be pillars of your wardrobe too, as long as you know how to style them! Switch up the footwear: This outfit would look SO cute with these mules (I just bought them in white the other weekend–I’m in love! The brown or black would also look cute!) or some classic white sneakers, or play with pattern and add my favorite leopard sandals or leopard loafers. Pair with a skirt: I’m dying to wear this with a suede or corduroy mini skirt. A denim skirt would also be adorable. For footwear–you could do OTK boots, or booties (like these ones on sale!) For work: Pair with Everlane’s Go-Weave Easy Pants in olive, navy or black or J.Crew’s easy pants in navy or black and a pair of loafers or pumps!      Shop this post:    Photos by the wonderful Divina!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Alexia says  October 6, 2018 at 8:44 pm Love your blog! Wondering if you have any recommendations on washing the Everlane double V dress you posted about a few weeks ago? Put in wash on cold and dried on low but it seems to have changed shape! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Soludos Espadrilles, Embellished Sandals, Mules, Denim Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 26, 2018   Top: Madewell–(comes in other colors too! Runs big, size down!) I also love this tank version that comes in tons of colors–and this slinky camisole is amazing! If you prefer sleeves, I absolutely ADORE this version that also has buttons down the front! Jeans: American Eagle–you saw them first in my fall weekend capsule wardrobe! They are seriously amazing! They run big though, size up! If you aren’t sold, I also recommend Everlane’s Modern Stretch jeans–I have their cigarette leg version and I am obsessed! Coat: J.Crew–runs TTS but go a size down if you’re in between (it’s the camel color but it really looks camel-mustardy in person!) It runs TTS but it’s definitely a fall, not a winter coat–if you’re looking for something warm–I highly recommend the Cocoon coat (runs big) or the Lady Day coat (runs on the smaller side) Shoes: Marc Fisher (from DSW! Under $100!) if you want a lower heel I love these adorable scalloped pumps. Bag: Chanel (I know, you didn’t know I owned a Chanel bag–scroll down for details haha!) For a budget-friendly version, I always recommend the Rebecca Minkoff Quilted Love bag! It’s the same classic look for under $300 and is a really high quality bag! It has been a WEEK, man. So busy! I have so many projects in the pipeline I admit I’m getting a bit overwhelmed but they’re all great things–so get excited! Today’s post is going to be short and sweet because I’m already late getting this post up, but today we’re talking about one of my favorite trends–velvet! Do you own anything velvet yet? (I own some velvet leggings and they are one of my favorite fall/winter obsessions!) You know I’m always hesitant to jump head first onto any super trendy bandwagon, but I think velvet adds a perfect twist to a classic piece and is seriously made for winter wardrobes. This is the exact outfit that I wore out to dinner at Bavettes (one of our favorite Chicago spots!) when we did our anniversary staycation celebration. (See my Chicago Staycation Itinerary blog post!) We stayed in the Gold Coast at our favorite hotel, the Waldorf Astoria, and were walking around and casually perusing the shops on Rush street–I stopped into Madewell and fell in love with this velvet buttoned camisole! I love the button detail and the fact that it’s super versatile like any other camisole, but with a velvet touch! I wore this with petals if you’re wondering what kind of bra I wear with it. If you are a girl that has more on top, I would probably suggest going with this velvet tank instead! It was the perfect thing to pair with black jeans and heels–I particularly love how the Mary Janes add a little bit of retro sweetness to the outfit–but they would also look perfect with classic pumps like my go-to Sam Edelman’s! The color of this coat was also not usually a combination I would think to put together, but it ended up really working–I love that it’s camel-ish with a mustard hue–seriously the most beautiful fall color and it’s one that looks good on so many different skin tones! Note for my Chicago/East Coast girls–it’s definitely not a *winter* coat–if you’re looking for a winter coat, I highly recommend the Cocoon coat (runs big) or the Lady Day coat (runs on the smaller side). I have a try on session with both on stories right now if you’re curious! I am wearing a Chanel bag in these photos ?It has always been the only designer bag I’ve ever wanted (granted, I thought it was something I would get when I was much older!) and Neal surprised me with it for my 30th birthday in July. I cried and wanted to murder him for spending that much on me, but he always gets me things I would never splurge on myself. It’s definitely a once in a lifetime purchase–but it’s my favorite thing in my whole closet–I’ve never felt more classic than when I’m wearing it. I admittedly haven’t worn it on the blog yet because it felt weird–my blog is very much built on the notion of everyday, attainable style for the everyday girl and Chanel obviously doesn’t fit into that–so I almost changed my bag for the photos–but also, I love it, and it’s part of what made this outfit feel so special, and it feels so “me.” So, long story short, I guess I’m just saying this to reassure you–I’m not turning into a designer label snob, I promise! ? ANYWAY–back to velvet tanks! They really are the perfect layering weapon–they add another textural element to your outfit and can often feel a lot dressier than your average tank top–they’re such an easy way to spice up your go-to outfit formula! Here are some more favorite ways to style yours: That would look so cute with a leather skirt and OTK boots or knee high boots! (I’ve heard really good things from friends about these Steve Madden OTK boots and you will wear these Blondo waterproof suede boots every day in the winter!) I probably wouldn’t pair it with a suede skirt though, as the textures are too similar. Layer your velvet tank under a plaid blazer or even better–a sweater blazer! (I’m obsessed with the Sophie blazer from J.Crew, but their longer Juliette blazer is amazing too! Both are 25% off!) I’d recommend pairing with a tailored trouser–these from J.Crew that are 25% off! I also love Everlane’s “work pants” that are made of this super stretchy material that is really figure flattering, comfortable, and they don’t wrinkle! (Almost like a ponte pante, but thicker almost?) A pencil skirt would also be super cute! Layer it under a cardigan with a pair of leather leggings and loafers (these are my favs aside from the Guccis!) for a casual weekend or get together with friends–or, dress it up, with the same leather leggings, a pair of pumps or heeled booties, and that same blazer from the office! Take the same outfit formula I’m wearing here, but add a leather jacket! This same outfit would also look super cute if you swapped skinny jeans for straight leg crops–this Everlane pair and this J.Crew pair are my current favorites! Both look really cute with heeled booties (I just got these from Madewell–currently 20% off!) or if you are wanting to make a statement, I’m in love with these leopard booties!        Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Stella says  October 27, 2018 at 10:07 am So cute! I’m really drawn to the color combo of the bold mustard and the softer lavender!  My best friend’s mom gave me a velvet cardigan/jacket thing from the 90s and I love it! It’s a beautiful cranberry color and the sleeves are slightly flared. I normally don’t gravitate towards 90s fashion (haha) but I love this velvet piece and I’m forever grateful to  my friends mom for letting me have a piece from her impeccable wardrobe! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heel Booties, Printed Sweaters, Black Wedge Shoes, Metallic Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 21, 2019   See outfit details in my Porto Portugal guide here! HAPPY FRIDAY friends!! I’m currently sitting outside on our new (still work in progress) “Urban Oasis”–shout out to my friend/old coworker, Jorie, for coining a fancy term for “city balcony.” I’m really excited to have a weekend at home after a ton of travel! We’re going to string lights on the balcony and grab dinner with friends–but other than that, not a ton of plans! At long last–today I’m finally sharing another highly requested post that I’m just now getting around to writing! (Sorry!) MY HAIR SCARF TUTORIAL! It’s no secret that I am a HUGE fan of silk scarves–I wear them around my neck all the time and I think they add so much personality to any outfit. (Related: How to tie a French Style Scarf, and How to Tie a Bandana).  When I was in Italy last summer, it was SO. HOT. and sticky that I needed a way to keep my hair off my face but also look cute and stylish at the same time–and–voila! I watched a quick Youtube video and my love for the hair scarf was born. In fact, the hair scarf is probably my #1 traveling hair hack. You don’t need to style your hair (or wash it, for that matter! ) when you know how to tie a hair scarf properly.  Keep reading for my super easy Q + A and scarf tying tutorial!  I get this question A LOT. Here’s the answer: You want something big enough to wrap around your head twice–the scarf I’m using here (just sold out, but it’s from Mango and they have a lot of cute scarves–I’m obsessed with this one!) is about 27″ and it’s BARELY long enough. I’d say anywhere from 27″+ is good depending on the size of your head. (Use your best judgement here.) It’s TOTALLY fine if it’s longer than that–the ends will just hang down in the back, which I think is so cute too!  I don’t ever have that problem, but I don’t tie it that far back on my head–it’s still quite forward, if it were further back, it would probably slip, but when it’s not too far from your forehead, you shouldn’t have an issue. If you’d like to pin it with bobby pins, you certainly can.  Yes and no–most of my scarves are square, but if you had a long scarf (that was long enough to go around your head twice) then that would totally work–I find that square is the most common shape though! Remember, the square needs to be about 25″-35″ long to be able to wrap around your head twice.               Note: You want to TIE the scarf before your hairline starts though, so that when you push it back, your hair is smooth in the front. If you tie it where you eventually want it placed, it’s hard to get your hair smooth in the front without messing it up!   Outfit: Wearing these favorite jean shorts (full review here) and my favorite linen button down (full review here).   Filed Under: Advice, Style, Style 101   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Rompers, Saddle Bags, Black Wedge Shoes, Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 21, 2017   Beach vacation season is officially in full swing! As our wedding date is nearing closer, I’m thinking more and more about what to bring on my honeymoon, particularly in the bathing suit category, seeing as that’s what I’ll be primarily living in for 6 days in Cabo! I’ll definitely be brining this favorite deep-v one-piece, but I’m even more excited to get to wear some of the cuter styles this season–being post-wedding, I won’t have to worry about tan lines anymore! Okay, that’s all I’m telling you. I guess the cat’s out of the bag–I’m NOT wearing a turtleneck dress, so tan lines are a concern  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Here are 20 of my favorite one-pieces and bikinis that have caught my eye over the past couple of days, if you’re also in the market for a couple new suits!  Seersucker bows Pretty in pink Striped Bardot ($17.50!) Vintage Gingham Tropical OTS Classic Frenchie OTS stripes White Pom Pom Little Black Bikini Red Stripes Striped & Scalloped ($34!) Tropical green Chevron Stripes Yellow Gingham Lace-up Neutral High-neck stripes Deep Blue V Lace-up Yellow Slimming Ruffles Blue Gingham Ruffle ($35!) Bright Mosiac Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Jessica Camerata says  June 21, 2017 at 7:04 am Loving this roundup and you’re looking AMAZING in that cobalt blue! xo Jessica My Style Vita 
Jessi Afshin says  June 21, 2017 at 9:09 am You are too cute in that one piece! Loving all of your picks  -Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Rachel Spross says  June 21, 2017 at 9:20 am That swimsuit looks so good on you! Love the color. Great picks! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Britney Crawley says  June 21, 2017 at 11:12 am These are all so cute! I’ve been loving tropical/ palm prints. J.Crew had some really cute ones too. Love the suit/hat combo in your photo. 
Caitlin Edwards says  June 21, 2017 at 11:50 am These are awesome! I love your suit! I just bought the striped bardot! Can’t wait to try it later this summer! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Straw Bags, Off White Pumps, Heeled Sandals, Rebecca Taylor Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 31, 2019   Hey everybody,  Neal here today–I’m excited to be teaming up with another one of my favorite mens brands–Mizzen + Main–in today’s blog post. It’s one I’ve been wearing for years–so I was really excited when Jess received an email in her inbox asking to collaborate! In our 2019 reader survey, a lot of you asked for more style recommendations for your guys–so ask and you shall receive! Bold statement alert: Mizzen + Main mens shirts will dramatically improve your guys life.  Big claim, yeah? But let me explain.  First, the brand’s popularity was built on the classic dress shirt, so that’s what I’ll be featuring today. This is fitting because I wear a suit for work almost every day of my life, and under that suit, there’s a pretty good chance it’s going to be a white or blue Mizzen + Main dress shirt.  To fully appreciate the company, it’s important to give you the background: Mizzen + Main was founded in 2012 by Kevin Lavelle, a recent graduate who was interning in Washington D.C. He noticed a staffer (who had attempted to be very professional when he got dressed that day) sweating through his clothes, leaving embarrassing stains on his white button down. He got the idea to create a dress shirt with moisture-wicking capabilities, made with a performance fabric similar to that of an athletic shirt. Thus, Mizzen + Main was born!  As the website says, “We saw a guy on a hot day in Washington D.C., probably with aspirations to become POTUS, go into a meeting drenched in sweat. How can you become the President going into a meeting looking like you just walked out of a pool? You can’t. You’ve got to look good, and you’ve got to feel good. Cotton blocks you from all of that.” ? You get it, they’re different–right? But HOW different? Let’s discuss:   Yep–like I said, they’re not made from cotton (which makes you hot and sweaty), but a performance fabric that is very similar to what you’d wear to the gym!  I’ve worn all of the top fitness brands’ moisture wicking apparel-they all do that well.  But Mizzen+Main has found a way to take the same technology and structure shirts that look and feel like any freshly pressed dress shirt, but wayyy better than your standard cotton.  The material is super breathable–you won’t overheat regardless of what you’re doing–walking to grab sushi on  your lunch break in the dead of summer to breaking it down on the dance floor at your best friend’s wedding. If your significant other is that guy that has to bring a change of undershirt to swap partway through the day–like I said, this shirt is going to change his life.   These shirts move with you, are slim fitting, and very flattering–they aren’t awful and stiff like a lot of cotton shirts are. They’re also super comfortable, barely there–and most certainly not scratchy or itchy like many dress shirts can be. They look fantastic on their own, under a suit, and are perfect to wear from the office to post-work drinks. (Side note: speaking of drinks, a huge thanks to The Robey for letting us shoot in The Up Room, which is one of our favorite swanky cocktail spots. You must put it on your list if you’re in Chicago!)  This may sound like a basic benefit, but trust me, a lot of brands fall on their faces with this one.  The size chart on their website is super detailed, (they even add height and weight ranges for help) but also super easy to use.  Sizing runs from S-XXL and they cut shirts from Trim to Standard to Tall (and help you/him with those choices too).  Basically an guy that’s 5’4″ 130 to 6’4″ 230 is covered!  For reference I’m wearing a Trim cut Medium!   Perhaps the best part of all–no dry cleaning! This shirt alone can save you hundreds of dollars per year! I wash mine in the washer with like-colors (on cold) and hang them to dry. That’s it–they dry wrinkle free & never seem to wrinkle.  When I am flying for business (which happens a lot) I see plenty of guys get off the plane with terrible wrinkles all over their dress shirts after a few hours in the air-not me!      The Manhattan: The classic white button down I’m wearing here. It’s what got me hooked on the brand–I tell everyone who ever wears a suit about them. I think every guy needs at least one in white and in blue–both classic staples and colors that will look good under any suit for pretty much any occasion.  The McKellen: The blue button down I’m wearing as well. I love the subtle pattern to it–not to much to be unsuitable for the most professional office settings, but enough to be anything but plain.  Casual button downs: If you work in a less formal, casual-yet still polished setting–you’ll love their casual button down shirts. They’re great for those who play golf too, because they don’t restrict your movement! Speaking of golf, they make polo shirts, too!  Henleys: A henley (or two, in different colors!) is a casual wardrobe must-have for any guy. As comfortable as anything, but polished, versatile, and great for travel, too.  For weddings: They also make shirts for weddings–whether you need a breathable tux shirt, suit shirt, or groomsmen shirts. (They would make a great groomsmen gift, by the way–especially for a hot destination wedding.)           Huge thanks to Mizzen + Main, a brand I’ve worn for years, for sponsoring this post. We’re so happy to have been able to team up for this project. As always, all opinions are 110% our own.  Filed Under: Style  
Jignov says  August 16, 2019 at 5:57 am Fantastic list and i have got so many little tips from looking at them to use on my own site…Thank you so much for this!
https://www.jignov.com/men/t-shirts/polos.html Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And Gold Jewelry, Shoes Wedges, Blue Dresses, Hanky Panky Panties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 18, 2018   Top: Topshop–order the size in parenthesis on the site–Topshop as a brand runs super small–I’m actually wearing a 6 here because they didn’t have any smaller in store so it’s more on the flowy side but I like it! (similar here, here, and I love J.Crew’s classic version!) Jeans: c/o J.Crew –on sale! (One of my favorite pairs! Run TTS–they’re high waist and very stretchy!) Levi’s Wedgie Jeans are also a similar look without the stretch–and I love them equally! If you’re looking for raw hem skinnies, my favorite Rag & Bone jeans are restocked! Sizing on those runs a little big because they’re so stretchy so I’d go a size down if you’re in question. Leopard Sandals: 1901 (size down 1/2 size) if sandals aren’t your jam–Nordstrom has TONS of leopard pumps in stock–Sam Edelman makes my favorite pumps in general, too! Earrings: Amazon–like $8! They’re my favorite earrings ? Have you guys noticed that wrap tops and wrap dresses are making a big comeback this year? (I’m HERE FOR IT as all the cool kids are saying these days.) I know you (like me) are always looking for pretty, feminine tops that you can wear lot’s of different ways for lot’s of different occasions. Also, in the winter, sleeves are obviously a big win, as are tops with lightweight material–because we’re constantly fighting that battle of, “it’s freezing outside but inside it’s 1000 degrees.” Or, as one reader put it: “What do I wear under cute jackets that won’t make me so hot that I have to take it off as soon as I get inside and ruin my perfectly cute outfit?”  The answer: Wrap tops! ?? Shop some of my favorite wrap tops:     V-neckline: The most flattering neckline for ALL women is the v-neck. Why? It draws the eye down to the waist, which is naturally the thinnest part of your body and will emphasize your natural shape! Defined waist: The other most flattering element that looks lovely on all body types is the defined waist–when something is snug around your middle, and then flares out at the bottom. This also emphasizes your curves and makes you look like 100 bucks. What’s magical about this is that it will create a waist for those who are built more up and down–and it will also create curves even if you don’t have any! I’ve never met a body type that didn’t look good in a top or dress with a defined waist! Because most wrap tops are made of thinner material–maybe it’s crepe, silk, whatever–it makes them great layering pieces. Layer on a chunky cardigan sweater, blazer (obsessed with this sweater blazer 35% off at J.Crew right now!), suede jacket–(love BlankNYC’s and BB Dakota’s jackets!) whatever–and it provides the perfect base! You can wear them so many ways for just about any occasion! Of course, there are low cut wrap tops, there are more modest wrap tops–you can definitely find one to suit whatever you’re looking for–making them perfect for everything from dates to work!  Exhibit A, obviously, is what I’ve done here! I think wrap tops are so elegant and simple, you don’t need to do much to make a killer outfit! Here I’ve worn them with one of my favorite pairs of jeans from J.Crew (which happen to be ON SALE! Yesss!) I had been wanting a pair of straight leg button-fly jeans and I rarely think to try jeans at J.Crew, but I fell in love with these the second I put them on. They feel like butter and they have a lot of stretch to them. I love the cropped, straight leg with just a hint of raw hem–they’re classic with a little something extra and I think they bring a lot to any outfit! If you’re more into premium denim, my favorite brands are Rag and Bone and J.Brand! I also love American Eagle and Abercrombie jeans if you want more budget-friendly! I also love to bring in a little bit of pattern as a way to spice up a pretty basic outfit–leopard is my go-to pattern for footwear! I’m obsessed with these sandals, but I know it’s a little late for sandal season here in the Midwest and on the East Coast–so I’m linking my favorite leopard Fall footwear below! Shop leopard shoes:    You could just as easily swap out jeans for a cute faux suede skirt (BlankNYC makes my favorites!) or this sweater flare mini from J.Crew! (The flare is great because while the hemline is on the shorter side, it’s super flattering and doesn’t hug your body too tight!) That would look so cute with tall black boots! (I’ve heard really good things from friends about these Steve Madden OTK boots by the way!) Wrap tops also pair really well with your favorite work pants! I’d recommend going with a tailored skinny trouser (like these from J.Crew that are 35% off!)  if you have a wrap top like mine that flares about at the bottom. (If it doesn’t flare at the bottom, feel free to go with a looser, wider leg–you just want to make sure your proportions are balanced!) Depending on  your office dress code, you could spice things up with a leopard pump or keep it business professional with black pumps! I have also been eyeing this wrap-top bodysuit forever now and I think I’m going to pull the trigger! But–do I want the velvet version instead?! I love how the velvet makes it feel festive and it gives of a slight Olivia Newton John vibe in the best way. It will look adorable with the skirt and jeans ideas I outlined above, and it’s a match made in HEAVEN for this pleated leopard midi skirt (also 35% off at J.Crew!) 
What are YOUR thoughts on wrap tops? Do you own any yet?  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristin says  October 18, 2018 at 10:53 am Can you share some good wrap tops that aren’t as low-cut? I work with kids, so I bend over a LOT. But I love the style and the lightweight fabric! 
EmmaD says  October 18, 2018 at 8:56 pm This! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Gowns Dress, Sam Edelman Flats, Slipper Flats, Black Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 12, 2018   Happy Tuesday guys! So, I’m heading to Nantucket today! I think I forgot to tell you because it kind of snuck up on me. ? You can probably safely say I will be in a permanent state of hot mess from now until we leave for Italy due to trying to plan out my blog posts two weeks ahead (will this actually happen? Who knows.) But basically, I got invited to go on an awesome press trip to Nantucket this week and I could not refuse! I’ve never been–I seriously can’t wait! Anyway, on to today’s much-awaited post–I often get so many questions asking about the perfect versatile bag for work and travel, so I thought it would be the perfect topic for our newest reader roundup! While the definition of “the perfect bag” might vary based on your job, your day to day life, your commute, etc, I think we can all agree on the same general criteria… Has to be fashionable  Has to be functional  Needs to be high quality and hold up for years  Has to hold a bunch of stuff (but not be too overwhelmingly large)  That being said, I took to Instagram stories to ask your favorites. Then rounded up the 10 most popular answers I received. There were SO many amazing suggestions I got, but for the sake of my sanity, I stuck with the top 10 ?. I’m also sharing why you love ’em so much! I hope this helps you narrow down the perfect bag for your wardrobe that will last you for years to come! (I love plugging in my earbuds and listening to music or a podcast when I’m traveling/commuting. Check out Real Women Approved: the Best Spotify Playlists and 33 Amazing Podcasts to Binge!)  SaveSave I was happy to see this was a popular suggestion, because Madewell’s Transport Tote has been my personal all-purpose tote of choice for years! They come in about 100 different varieties and colors, but I have the original tan leather version–I’m a bit jealous though because they just came out with a zipper top version (which is nice for travel so your stuff doesn’t fall out of your bag!) The zip-top transport carry-all also has a cross-body strap! Madewell bags in general are known for being amazing quality with beautiful, minimalistic design! Shelby says, “It’s the best work/travel bag! I take it to work everyday. It’s big enough for a laptop, great as a small carry-on for flights, and you can have it monogrammed if that’s your thing!” You can purchase Madewell transport totes at Nordstrom, Shopbop, or directly from Madewell (go with the latter option if you want a monogram!) Kimber says “I’m obsessed with the Cuyana Zipper Tote. The leather is SO soft and the look of the bag is a classic. It zips closed so its perfect for traveling (preventing anything from falling out and just more secure than a normal tote). You can also monogram the bag and it adds a feminine, preppy touch! The bag easily fits my Macbook, a few travel pouches, cozy scarf for the cold plane, camera, and snacks!” So many people recommended Tumi totes for work and business travel! I never would’ve thought to look there! They make a bunch of different kinds (and I got many different recommendations on favorite styles, so you can shop them all here!) Tasha says of her Tumi bag, “It has a separate spot for your laptop and slides easily onto luggage. It’s an essential for travel. Definitely on the pricey side but TUMI products last for years and the company has such a good warranty it’s worth every penny!)” Sale alert: Tumi’s big summer sale is going on right now!  Another insanely popular suggestion was Tumi’s Calais backpack. I had NO idea Tumi made backpacks, but this one is surprisingly cute! They make a nylon version, which is on sale at Nordstrom right now, as well as a leather version, which is also on sale for $100 off from Tumi.com!  Lauren says “It’s large enough for all my crap, without breaking my arm. Easy to trek through the airport (and nothing falls out when going through security). Can even pack enough in it foran overnight work trip if needed (luggage-free–weeee!) Stylish and super soft leather = perfection. Blake says, “I’ve had this backpack for a year and it was great for my corporate job bc I was taking my laptop to and from everyday. It has a nice compartment for it and lot’s of space. I love it for travel because my shoulder bags get way too heavy, and it also has a strap that let’s you slide it right over your carry on handle!” Lo and Son’s was a name that popped up again and again! The OG Bag:  The most popular of the L&S suggestions, the OG is perfect for both work and travel (and from work to the gym!) Reader Erin says, “I the OG it for traveling and work! Has a separate shoe compartment and can slide over your suitcase handle! Love it so much!” Phoebee says, “I have two work computers and this holds both of them plus all the extra crap I always carry around *just in case*! It has tons of pockets so its easy to stay organized, plus, it looks so sleek!” The Seville Bag: The second most popular L&S bag was The Seville. Lizzy describes it as “super chic and functional. It comes with a travel shell that easily attaches to your carryon. Plus, all the compartments–big enough for my Macbook pro–make it a great work bag, too!” Such sad timing, as I put this request out on instagram stories just days before her passing, but as true testament to Kate’s talent and vision–praise of her work totes came rolling in. There are several different kids, but the Audrey and the Marybeth tote were both popular suggestions. “They fit your laptop perfectly and are adorable!” says Deanna. Becca owns the Audrey leather laptop tote and says “it’s very minimal, which prevents me from putting a bunch of sh*t in it. It’s also Saffiano leather, so it’s very durable. Often laptop bags are ugly and bulky. This one is not!” One of my absolute favorite brands, it didn’t surprise me one bit to hear that you guys are all obsessed with their Market Tote. Update: I just got this based off your reccos and it totally lives up to the hype!  Taylor says, “It’s built so beautifully and simple, I’m low-key obsessed with it. I really love that the straps are big enough to fit over your shoulder to haul laptops easier, and still plenty of room for a jacket, makeup bag, and a stop on the way home for a couple bottles of wine!” See how I styled the Everlane Transport Tote in this post!  Another SUPER  popular suggestion, which surprised me because while I’ve heard of the brand, I’ve never really heard people talk and rave about it as much as I have here! Clearly I’m missing out! Nikki says, “The medium Landon carryall is one of my current favorites for ladies living in the city. It doesn’t always look the most “professional” because it’s made of Neoprene BUT as someone who commutes on the train from work to the gym to the grocery store and home, I’ve found that it does an amazing job holding everything–my laptop, water bottle, change of clothes. Plus, the bag itself is relatively lightweight so you’re not having to heft bag weight too!” CC says “Hands down Dagne Dover wins!” Her favorite features: the padded laptop compartment (holds a 13″ mac), removable neoprene water bottle holder (so condesation doesn’t get on your other stuff), a key clip so you can quickly find your keys, pen holders so you never lose your pens, and smaller compartments to help you keep organized. Comes in ton’s of colors!” Linnay says “It’s perfect if you travel for work, it holds so much! Fits under the seat on planes and it looks professional for work meetings!” Filed Under: Real Women Approved, Shop, Style  
Julianne says  June 12, 2018 at 6:05 am Hi Jess! What lip color are you wearing in this post?! 
Allie says  June 12, 2018 at 7:07 am I love the b.ush shade of that Cubans bag, and the zipper on the top is great. I always like to zip my bag when I’m using public trans;rotation or walking longer than a block or two. I have a Cuyana laptop case and the quality of their products is great!
Have a wonderful Tuesday everyone, xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Kimber says  June 12, 2018 at 8:47 am Love the Cuyana bag!! I defined recommend it to anyone looking for a spacious travel tote! 
Caroline says  June 12, 2018 at 10:06 am I have the Cuyana zipper tote and I LOVE it. Have a wonderful time on your trip too!  
Jordin says  June 12, 2018 at 3:17 pm The Landon Carryall is AMAZING. I bought it recently for traveling and it’s the perfect “personal item” for the plane. It fits SO MUCH, yet doesn’t feel huge and obnoxious haha. I’ve used it on a few trips so far and have received so many compliments! Plus – the phone pocket on the outside is a game changer. I no longer dig through my bag searching for my phone, but it’s also secure in the outer pocket so no fear of it falling out! 
Express Ladies Purse says  June 26, 2018 at 12:21 am These all travel & work bags are so awesome…  To buy ladies purse in mumbai visit our website Express Bags… 
Olive says  August 7, 2018 at 3:56 am I use Dagne Dover Dakota backpack for all of my personal travels. Its amazing when you have super long flights and want to stay comfortable and sporty. But for work, i recently found out new leather work tote from Millenny. It has detachable laptop sleeve and little clutch/wallet  And i LOVE it. Its classy and not bulky, and i no longer need to worry what to match it with lol.  It goes perfectly with all my office outfits. Check it out, you gona love it! 
isabel says  March 24, 2019 at 3:34 pm how heaby is it? 
Olive says  March 25, 2019 at 3:04 am Hi Isabel, it’s not as heavy as I thought it might be. It’s pretty much the same as my old leather tote. And i do stuff it with a lot of work things, even then its so comfortable to carry;)))) 
Daphne Gilpin says  April 2, 2019 at 1:59 pm I like how you said that a good tote bag will be big enough to hold a bunch of stuff without being overwhelmingly large. I’ve been thinking about getting a tote bag soon to help me carry my stuff to and from the park. The info you shared should be helpful as I look for a tote bag that’s the right size! […] is the best round-up of all-purpose work/travel totes I’ve ever seen. I saved this tote organization article a while ago that would put anyone with […] […] from you guys about this Everlane Market Tote when I asked for your tote bag recommendations for this post! I had been curious about the bag but after that, I knew I had to try it out for myself–it really […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Heel Booties, Orange Dresses, Black Graphic Tees, Candles and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 20, 2013  You know what they say, red is the color of confidence. Well, “they” are correct. Because I was pretty confident my fingers were going to freeze off when I was shooting this outfit post. You can’t tell though, right? Am I developing a professional poker-face?  Anyway, even though this weather has been bitter enough to make the abominable snowman reach for his warmest Zara blanket-scarf, I really do love this winter outfit. Layering is your friend in Chicago, you know. You can never go wrong the the collared shirt/sweater/statement necklace combo. Shamelessly Sparkly necklaces are always my go-to for a layered look. This Asos sweater is so cozy that I am tempted to wear it again on Christmas morning (which of course, always requires a bright red sweater.)  What are you up to on this chilly Friday? I for one, will probably be curled up watching this creepy-hilarious Lil Bub Holiday Video (thanks Refinery29!) and sipping a glass of wine. Stay warm out there!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Sweater: Asos, Shoes: Zara, Jeans: Similar, Necklace: c/o Shamelessly Sparkly, Purse: Vintage, Lips: Givenchy “Black Plum” lipstick      Bracelet: T&J designs Shop Shades of Red  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Orange Dresses, Off White Lace Dresses, White Tank Tops, White Pj Sets and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 25, 2017   Jeans: Levi’s Wedgie Jeans (also available here and about 150 more places below) // Shoes: c/o Everlane (my favorite heels ever, they are SO comfy, you can walk in them all day. They also come in the cutest slides and ballet flats as well. Tons of colors, too! Ah! They’re just too good!) Tee: J.Crew (similar here and here!) I don’t buy a lot of jeans, really. You’ve probably noticed, right? I mean, I wear a lot of jeans on this blog, but they’re typically the same repeat offenders. (I tell you this so you understand that I don’t just go around buying jeans all willie nillie like I would buy lattes!) When a certain pair catches my eye, I think about them for a long time. I mull them over, decide if they’re different enough from the other jeans in my wardrobe, and then finally pounce once I can’t take it anymore. That’s what happened with the Levi’s Wedgie Jeans. Also known as magic pants that give you the best butt ever jeans. (And I decided I should have a blog post exclusively on them, because, well–they’re pretty much the next big thing when it comes to denim right now. You can’t go in any retailer without seeing them front and center!) When I first saw these jeans, I loved them immediately. Seeing as I already own several pairs of Levi’s, it wasn’t that hard to rationalize why I needed to make room for them in my wardrobe. They’ve got that lived-in, vintage appeal right out of the box (er, bag?) They’re high-waisted (my favorite) and are very flattering in the booty. Admittedly, I wasn’t sure if the whole straight-leg cutoff thing was too edgy for me. (I often wear button downs and loafers for goodness sake.) But here’s the thing…they TOTALLY work with everything! The tee and shoes you see me wearing them with here are often worn with my favorite skinny jeans, but with the wedgie jeans, it creates a totally different look! I love that about them! You don’t often make a statement with your jeans, but with these–you can! Oh, they’re also $88. So you can’t really beat that price. I also expected Neal to hate these because they weren’t skinny jeans, but he loves them! He thinks they’re sexy and “darling” at the same time. Yes, he actually uses the word “darling” to describe my outfits. (He is darling.) These are a size 26, which are my regular size. I’m pretty much never NOT a 26, so I would say these run true to size. However, keep in mind, these don’t really have any give. This particular kind + wash aren’t stretchy jeans whatsoever, so if you are sometimes in-between sizes, I might recommend buying both and returning the one that doesn’t fit, just in case. If you like your jeans loose, you may want to consider sizing up. For height reference, I’m 5’6! Note about product photos: Depending on the model, wedgie jeans can look SO drastically different from photo to photo. Sometimes they appear to be oversized boyfriend jeans, sometimes they appear to be tight capri’s. It’s bizarre. (Further proof why websites just need to hire regular people as models, you know?) Anyway, despite what you may see online–these are meant to be tight in the behind, slim through the upper leg. Just so we’re on the same page here! Wedgie jeans come in a couple different cuts and tons of washes! (Hooray and also boo–so many options! Too many options?) Both are high-rise. The pair I’m wearing here are the Wedgie straight fit and the wash is rough tide. (They also come in a darker wash called “Lasting Impression.”) You can also find both right now on Free People! The other fit is the “Wedgie Icon” which is nearly identical, just with a more tapered (i.e. skinny) leg. These also come in tons of washes–some have more stretch than others, so some sizing may not be consistent–overall though, I’ve found that Levi’s are very consistent in sizing and I’ve never worn anything other than a 26 in Levi’s! Other favorite pairs: I like the “lost inside” wash which is distressed in the knees, and also the Coyote Desert wash, which is very similar to mine, just slightly more blue, and a bit more tapered in the leg. Okay fine–I like 100 different kinds. Shop different washes:    They sell them literally everywhere, but they sell out quickly, so if you’re hesitating, snap them up now, and check back often! Shopbop, Bloomingdales, Anthropologie, Urban Outfitters and Free People  are great places to check, just to name a few! P.S. See how I styled the Levi’s Wedgie Shorts right over here! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Diana Pearl says  May 25, 2017 at 9:16 am I bought a pair of the Wedgie Icon jeans in January and I’m obsessed!!! They’re so chic and I wear them constantly.  x Diana // Pearl Girl 
nicole @ writes like a girl says  May 25, 2017 at 9:06 pm I want to love the Wedgie jeans SO much but cannot get past the button fly – I find it so uncomfortable! These look great on you, so I may give them another try one size up and see if that helps! 
Lynda Pickens says  May 25, 2017 at 10:03 pm I am very excited and grateful to {ZEUSHACKERS01 at OUTLOOK dot COM} for helping me to hack my cheating husband’s cellphone and facebook messages. I actually thought it wasn’t possible until they did the hack within few 9 hours at a cheap cost and even helped to recover his deleted messages with the stupid lady he dating secretly. I’ll advice you to also reach him for hacking jobs like improving your credit score 
Felicia Renee says  May 30, 2017 at 10:02 pm I loveeee these! I’m only 5′, but I’ve been eyeing these jeans for a while! I’ll have to add them to my curated wardrobe, that’s for sure! […] Feature image via The Golden Girl Blog […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Gowns Dress, Lace Midi Dresses, White Gowns, Black Heel Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 18, 2019  Sooo…you probably already know there’s a Nordstrom salleeeee….? What you may not know is that it finally launches to the public on Friday July 19th!! (I’m publishing this late night on the 18th so you guys can start scoping out what you want to buy in the AM, but for many of you reading this, Friday is already TODAY!)  Anyway–because we already all have sale fatigue I tried to make this post as STREAMLINED as possible. I really love all the staples I’m sharing here with you today and *as of now* most of them are still in stock! Huzzah!  Additionally, I am fully aware that many of you are NOT shopping the sale–and frankly, good for you! If you’re on a no-shopping freeze, or you’re on a tight budget–GOOD GIRL! I’m proud of you! That being said, I definitely wanted to stick to classics here so you could shop your OWN closet and come away with lot’s of outfit inspiration, even if you aren’t buying anything new!  I did have a snafu happen with my first order, so a lot of what I ordered last Friday didn’t go through, and then by the time they figured it out, half the stuff had sold out, I had to re-place the order, and I still don’t have part of it. Just in case you were wondering why NONE of the stuff I told you I was ordering last week actually made it in here. (Don’t worry though, I will report back and post more reviews when the rest of my purchases arrive!)  Anyway, hope you love the post! Okay, let’s jump in!  (PS sorry for my janky phone case/pop socket that fell off. Ok fine it actually fell off like a month ago and the top is still in Emma’s room somewhere but I haven’t gotten a new one and OH WELL! )  Quick reference: The items I’ll be styling here:   
  I am actually SHOCKED these Spanx faux leather leggings (plus size here!) are still in stock–my other favorite faux leather leggings, the Commando leggings, sold out so fast, but these didn’t! They are both amazing–I’d say the Commando’s are more “leathery” and the Spanx are more “shiny legging-y” The Spanx are great for sucking you in! Sizing: I wear a small and I’m usually a small or XS–so if you’re typically someone who is ever in between sizes, go with the bigger size. Scroll down to all the other outfits for more ways to style these leather leggings (and links to all other items worn here!)  **Headband is actually a scarf tied in my hair. You can see my tutorial on that here. The scarf itself is old.   These jeans are my #1 denim pick from the Nordstrom sale if you’re looking for a pair of super flattering SUPER comfortable skinny jeans. UPDATE: If you see your size sold out at Nordstrom, Bloomingdales has what essentially looks like the same pair, but without the raw hem, and they’re also 30% off! Can’t say enough good things about these jeans–they have a raw hem with a slit at the side–I’m a little north of 5’6 and they are full length on me–I roll them to wear with booties. They are so incredibly soft–they feel more like cloth than denim! They also have the perfect amount of stretch, but don’t bag out at all!   Sizing: TTS. I wear size 25 and these fit great! Scroll down to all the other outfits for more ways to style the jeans (and links to all other items worn here!)   You know how much I LOVEEEE my Tretorns–but they are canvas, not leather, and I know a lot of you guys don’t want to deal with canvas because it can get dirty so fast–I saw these in leather and had to try them for you anti canvas peeps–and guess what? I LOVE THEM! They’re SO great! They totally achieve the classic white sneaker look and are as versatile as the Tretorns, with the added bonus of being able to wipe them clean. I haven’t worn them walking long distances yet but wearing them around the house they’re SO comfortable. Dfinitely way more comfortable than average converse when you first put them on. Although definitely not as cushiony and soft as the Tretorns, they’re still very comfortable. Sizing: Go down 1/2 size–they run big!  Scroll down to all the other outfits for more ways to style these sneakers or any other white sneakers you have!  My #1 bootie pick from the sale! These are selling out SO FAST. If you see them in your size and want them, check out immediately! Also, check back often for re-stocks! This Vince Camuto pair is also part of the sale. They’re a similar shape and fully stocked! BP also makes a very similar pair that is part of the sale and comes in other colors too!  My other NSale bootie pick is the Blondo Nina booties, if you want something that is waterproof and you want a rounder toe!  I chose these Steve Madden booties specifically because I have an old pair of Dolce Vita booties that look EXACTLY like this that I’ve worn into the ground, and I haven’t been able to find anything else in their exact shape–until now! I think the heel hight, the almond toe, and where they hit at the ankle makes them super flattering while being comfy at the same time. Sizing: Some of the reviews say they run small but I don’t find that to be true, so I guess it depends on how thick you like your socks to be.  Scroll down to all the other outfits for more ways to style these booties (or any tan booties you have!)   I think leopard loafers like these are a fantastic wardrobe staple for every closet, because they add so much more personality to an otherwise basic outfit. They’re also versatile. You’ll wear them to work but also on the weekends! I have owned a pair of Sam Edelman leopard loafers forever, but they stopped making them, so I wanted to scope these guys out for you. I love the tassel detail of this pair especially! They’re very comfortable. I feel like they’ve broken in just wearing them around the house. Sizing: size up, they run small! Scroll down to all the other outfits for more ways to style these loafers or any leopard shoes you have!     
My friend gave me heat for this one but YOU GUYS THIS IS THE AMAZON MUMU OF JUMPSUITS. It’s a WAFFLE. HENLEY. JUMPSUIT. It’s SOOO COMFY! And it ties at the waist? So flattering! Like sweatpants but a one-piece–so way chicer. PJ’s you can wear in public!! (Also hello, a great one-piece=no brainer comfy travel outfit?) I’m obsessed!  Wear it with sandals (wearing Sam Edelman Bay Sandals here–TTS) in the summer and throw on a jean jacket and sneakers (scroll down for review of these converse–also included in the sale!) for a great travel outfit any time of year! Huge plus: YOU CAN WEAR A REGULAR BRA!! The shape perfectly hides bra straps and the low back dips right above your strap in the back!  Sizing: I went with a small because XS wasn’t available when I ordered, but I’m really glad I did, because it fits perfectly, so if anything, I’d say size up. If you have a super long torso I’d say this will be too short for you. It fits me perfectly but if it were any shorter it would probably have given me a wedgie.    It took me forever to decide on WHICH cashmere scarf/wrap to choose (they had a lot part of the sale!) but I ultimately picked this cashmere wrap/scarf because I love the colors and plaid pattern, but also really liked that I could wear it as a scarf OR a wrap/poncho. I also love that its lightweight, which makes it ideal for travel because it stuffs easily in a bag and doesn’t make you overheat if you layer it over another sweater! (Everything else in this outfit linked in this photo except for the tank. I wasn’t planning on using it here but I didn’t have a black and white striped long sleeve handy so this was the stand-in ) The tank is not part of the sale, but fully stocked! Can’t say enough good things about it!)     I love Caslon tees. This one comes in TONS of colors! I usually would gravitate toward a more neutral one, but something about the fun colorful stripes just spoke to me! I loved that due to how thin and airy it is AND the fun colors. You could wear it now with jean shorts (these are my favorite jean shorts!) and later with jeans and booties as a fun way to brighten up a fall or winter outfit! A great layering piece year round. It’s impossible not to smile when you put this on! Leather jacket note: The one I’m wearing here is from Italy but this similar one on sale is one of the few I’ve found in the exact same beautiful color! I ordered it but it hasn’t arrived yet, I’ll definitely report back!  Sizing: true to size, wearing a small here.      I’m SHOOK this longline sweater is not sold out yet! I thought this would be the first to go! It’s still fully stocked (at the time of writing this) in most colors in sizes. It’s the perfect sweater to wrap around yourself in fall and winter. So warm and cozy. Also, the length makes you look insanely chic! Sizing: True to size! Wearing a small but could’ve also gone with XS, they just didn’t have it in the store! Another option: This Leith longline cardigan is on sale for only $45 and comes in plus size, too! You can get the same exact look with that one, too!  (Everything else in this outfit linked in this photo except for the tank–I wasn’t planning on using it here but I didn’t have a black and white striped long sleeve handy so this was the stand-in ) The tank is not part of the sale, but fully stocked! Can’t say enough good things about it!)      I know you guys are always looking for good versatile travel purses, so when I saw this convertible backpack, I squealed a little! This comes in both olive and black. It’s a little backpack but it’s convertible from a side body–it also has a zipped interior pocket for extra security. For reference, it holds my big DSLR camera, a scarf, wallet, and more–all the essentials I need with me on a vacation! **Currently only available in black but keep checking back frequently because as returns come in I’m sure the green will be restocked!**      WUBBYYYYYY! You know this is my #1 most lived in sweater of last winter. I think if I DIDN’T post an IG story wearing Wubby Fleece, everyone was shocked. I got the white color for this year’s version and I love it so much. It comes in the original grey and a maroon color too! Update from last year: It also isn’t lined with the jersey lining that last year’s had (at least the white isn’t), so it’s not as hot (if that was an issue for you, I know a lot of people thought OG Wubby made them too toasty) and the soft fleece is right next to your skin! Sizing: Runs big. I’m wearing a small!      Okay, remember how I was disappointed about the Leith wrap sweater? THIS sweater (comes in regular and plus) is the sweater to write home about! It’s very soft, perfect for casual everyday, but can be made a little sexy due to the v-cutout (I mean, sexy for a sweater ) so it’s the best sweater for date nights and going out while still keeping you warm! It’s flattering! I’m in love with the burnt orange/camel color!   Okay yes I know this isn’t clean. But this is one of the few “non-clean” products I will probably never stop using. It is THE BEST nude lipstick IN THE WORLD. And I don’t know how this is possible, but it is flattering on so many different skin tones! You line and fill in  your lips with the pencil (which makes it stay on a LONG time), follow with the lipstick, and then if you want a glossy finish, follow with the gloss. It’s the perfect trio. Also, the kit is part of the Anniversary sale!  So there was a processing hiccup and my first order actually didn’t go through correctly, thus, I have not gotten a lot of items that I ordered online yet. So, here is what will be arriving and what I will review EVENTUALLY!   UGHHH I can’t believe these STILL haven’t arrived!! I really wanted to include these in today’s try on. The good news is that I’ve heard really good things from those of you who DID get yours! There is only one review online, but it’s a great one too!   I know you guys are always looking for good workwear staples, and I think a great pair of flats is a must for anyone! As I said above about the leopard loafers, I LOVE a good pair of leopard flats! I think that pointed toe flats tend to make your outfit look more chic and sophisticated (rounded toe flats can look frumpy depending on what they’re paired with). Also, the leopard pattern makes any old work outfit more fun! These have fantastic reviews. In addition, Cole Haan is known for their cushiony insoles, so I’m excited to try them out for myself!   Another item in my ORIGINAL order that got messed up the first day of early access, so I haven’t actually received this jacket yet! I mentioned this before, but everyone ALWAYS asks where my leather jacket is from that I got in Italy; everyone is always so disappointed when they can’t buy it, and I rarely see leather jackets in that exact color, but this one is. So I bought it to see if it would be a good alternative! I think a leather jacket is probably one of the best investment pieces you can ever make in your wardrobe, because you wear them year round in lot’s of different weather. They look cute with everything from dresses to jeans to leggings or joggers.   I stumbled across this gem of a jumpsuit buried in the Anniversary sale. (I think that’s why it hasn’t sold out, nobody has found it yet–hehehe.) Honestly, I love this because it’s perfect to wear now, and later. You can wear it with sandals or with booties and a moto or jean jacket!  (Things I have my eye on, personally own, OR that I just think you’ll love!)   THE BEST WEDDING GUEST DRESS EVER! I have owned this for over a year now and worn it to countless weddings in all seasons! I have it in the burgundy color but it comes in tons of colors! It’s seriously the most flattering dress. Sizing:  Does run small in the ribcage, just FYI!   I CAN’T BELIEVE THESE ARE STILL IN STOCK!! I have come so close to buying these even though I don’t *need* another pair of black OTK Stuart Weitzman boots. I love that these have a block heel and more treading on the sole, so you have more traction in slippery weather! I’ll say it once and I’ll say it again; nobody makes OTK boots like Stuart Weitzman. There is no real dupe, truly.   I saw my friend Krista post these (she got them in brown!) and I am swoooning over them. Honestly, I love that they’re waterproof leather riding boots and that they’re actually very snug and sleek in the calves. It’s really hard for me to find riding boots that aren’t just swimming on my calves. I think I might have to pull the trigger on these. I can’t believe how discounted they are!      I almost bought this bag in person. It’s SO pretty and so cute. But I either use big totes for a work bag, or smaller purses. So I knew it wouldn’t be practical for me personally. But I’m STILL thinking about it!! If you need a medium sized purse, definitely go for this one! Rebecca Minkoff makes such great bags!   You know how much I rave about Blondo booties. I think these are SO CUTE. I heard from quite a few of you who dmed me saying you ordered them and LOVEDDD them! Yes, like all Blondo shoes, they’re totally waterproof (and salt proof, too!) so you don’t have to worry about ruining them in the winter! They come in lot’s of colors but I always think a neutral taupe is most versatile.   I don’t need to go into detail about these. You know what they are and how they’re such a great staple! YES, they’re still in stock! Go go go! Shop all Zella leggings on sale here! See my whole Zella leggings guide here!   The best underwear EVER. The anniversary sale is one of the few times I ever see them reduced in price! Stock up for the whole year. Seriously, the most comfortable undies I own!   I LOVEEEE these pajamas so so much! I have the shortiest but they come in long pants/sleeves as well! Cannot say enough good things and they are such an incredible price!   I also think these pink Madewell pajamas are ADORABLE! They were in my guide at the beginning of the sale and they were actually one of your top sellers! They look really soft too!   Okay, sooo these pants are basically the only “office” staple I could find that I actually thought was cute/worth buying out of all their sale inventory. They come in a dark burgundy color too which is really pretty; most sizes are still available! They’d be so cute with booties, too!  Because so much is sold out, I’m not going to do the “shop by category” like I did in my first Early Access post because I just don’t feel like there’s enough good stuff stock to warrant that; I will maybe pop back in here in the AM and add a few more things that are catching my eye, but what I DID want to do is include a plus size call out for my non straight sized ladies! It is definitely a goal of mine to be much more size inclusive here on this blog, and I’m so thankful that my friend Dallas took it upon herself to email me a bunch of her favorite plus size sale picks for me to use in my guide! You’re the best, Dallas! I keep asking her to spearhead a size inclusive series here on the blog. Maybe she just needs some encouragement from you guys. What do you think!? Shop Dallas’ picks (and a few of mine!) in the widget below!    Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Frayed Shorts, Navy Leggings, Red Maxi Dresses, Black Pumps Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 15, 2013  Is there a better feeling than waking up and rushing to the window to discover there’s snow covering the ground? I think it’s a little part of me that has never really grown up. I LOVE the snow. Which is great, because I get to experience a lot more of it here in Chicago than I ever did when I was little. My parents still think I’m crazy for living in such a freezing city! I wouldn’t trade it for the world though. What did you do for the snow day yesterday?  Coat: Vintage, Bag: Kate Spade, Boots: Dav, Headband: Borrowed, similar, Pants: Gap (old), Lipstick: Covergirl LipPerfection Lipstick in Eternal 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
             Shop Snow Day      Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lingerie Panties, Printed Sweaters, Bralettes, Heeled Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 3, 2018  It’s a rainy afternoon and I’m sitting at the kitchen table at the lake getting a VERY late start to my Labor Day Weekend sale roundup, but late is better than not at all, right?  This isn’t a lengthy post by any means, but I did want to pop in and give you a run down of my favorite staples that you can score at a discount through midnight tonight! My favorite convertible off the shoulder/cowl neck sweater is on sale and comes in TONNSS of colors. It’s also one of the softest things I own. Size down, runs big! See how I styled it four ways in this post!  My floral top and jeans are on sale–as similar cashmere wraps like I’m wearing above! See how I styled both several ways in my most recent fall capsule wardrobe post!  Ponte pants are one of my favorite wardrobe staples (perfect for all occasions, including work!) and there are several pairs on sale at Nordstrom! (This is the exact pair I’m wearing!) See how to wear ponte pants four ways in this post. My favorite classic chambray button down is on sale! This is one wardrobe staple I wear year-round no matter what the season! It’s a classic you’ll have for years and is now only $49 (35% off!) Size up! See the full outfit post and how to style a denim shirt here.  Looking for a chic blazer to wear to work and style with jeans? I love J.Crew’s bestselling blazer’s are 40% off right now!  J.Crew’s Cocoon coat is on sale at ALL SIZES and colors are stocked! (This never happens! They always go so fast!) SO many markdowns! I was actually very pleasantly surprised as to how much fall stuff they have on sale. Tons of cardigans and sweaters (including my favorite convertible off the shoulder/cowl neck sweater! See how to style it four ways here!) jeans (including my favorite high-waist crop flares see above. I HIGHLY recommend Caslon jeans!)–Hunter boots, ankle booties and my favorite convertible off the shoulder/cowl neck sweater! (See how to style it four ways here!) Lotttss on sale at J.Crew, especially great basics to wear to work and on the weekends! Most noteworthy (and in my cart) is J.Crew’s sophie sweater blazer–back, fully stocked, in so many colors, and 40% off! Another great place for some wear to work basics, LOFT is a great place to look! Discount is good on Lou & Grey too! You guys know that I’m 100% on board with team AE and Abercrombie revival–I’m super excited and just placed a big AE order! Here’s what I got: You know I’m also a big Abercrombie fan (especially their classic skinnies!) and they have so many cute and cozy arrivals for fall at the craziest prices! Shop more of my favorite picks:   Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Bikinis Tops, High Waisted Flare Pants, White Lace Dresses, Platform Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 3, 2014   I’m kicking off today’s post with some words of wisdom: Never say never. I once would have said, “never would I ever smoke a cigar”. However, when your boyfriend takes time out of his Sunday to take your blog photos instead of watching the World Cup, I decided it’s best to humor him when he laughs and begs you to take a “badass” (?) smoking picture. (Ew!) In hindsight, I’m glad I did. This photo makes me look way cooler than I actually am.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Alright, well now that that disclaimer is out of the way, we ended up having a lot of fun with our picnic (okay, it was a wine picnic… there was no food) down by the harbor. It was a perfect excuse to wear my new, could-not-be-more-perfect-for-4th-of-July digs from Madewell. I’m in love with this striped blue romper, and these incredible lace up gladiators that I – literally- have not taken off since. I paired them with some simple jewelry — my new favorite starfish necklace and grecian bangle to pull it all together.       What are you up to for the holiday weekend? I’ll be spending mine lakeside with Neal’s family. I’m so excited! You can bet I’ll be rocking this romper, too! Shop Patriotic Picnic  // <![CDATA[
!function(d,s,id){var e, p = /^http:/.test(d.location) ? 'http' : 'https';if(!d.getElementById(id)) {e = d.createElement(s);e.id = id;e.src = p + '://' + 'widgets.rewardstyle.com' + '/js/shopthepost.js';d.body.appendChild(e);}if(typeof window.__stp === 'object') if(d.readyState === 'complete') {window.__stp.init();}}(document, 'script', 'shopthepost-script');
// ]]&gt;  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Maya McDonald says  November 30, -0001 at 12:00 am You are so stinking cute, even with a cigar in hand, haha. Adorable as usual girlfriend  xx 
jess keys says  July 8, 2014 at 3:14 am You the best lady  And you are too kind! 
Veronica says  July 3, 2014 at 3:32 pm Saw you on WGN morning news.  Are you kidding – romper for a street fair?  Have you never had to use "the facilities" when at a street fair?  Romper = big mistake or bad idea. 
jess keys says  July 3, 2014 at 3:52 pm Hi Veronica, Sorry you feel that way! I personally don’t think strapless rompers are an issue for using the bathroom. All you have to do is slide up and down- no messing with undoing belts or tucking in shirts necessary!  That’s also why we featured three other great alternatives (dresses!) for those ladies who aren’t into rompers.  Hope you have a great 4th of July! 
Maya McDonald says  July 8, 2014 at 12:50 am You are so stinking cute, even with a cigar in hand, haha. Adorable as usual girlfriend  xx 
Hollyn Baron says  July 10, 2014 at 4:09 pm Your braids looks great! Wish I could figure out how to do them…Great blog…have it bookmarked! http://psimfromthemidwest.blogspot.com/ 
jess keys says  July 10, 2014 at 9:43 pm Thanks Hollyn! Hmm maybe I’ll do a tutorial, then  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Sheath Dresses, Gowns Dresses, Red Rompers, Lariats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 1, 2016   Happy 4th of July weekend!  How are you spending the holiday? We’ll be celebrating a little differently this year–instead of lake house BBQ’s and beach fun we’ll be in Paris! (We leave at 7pm tonight! Eeek! And no, I’m not done packing yet!) On the 4th, we’ll be taking a day trip to Normandy which will be unreal in itself to see the D-Day beaches on America’s birthday.  Regardless of how you’re spending the holiday, there are a lot of great deals to be scored at my favorite stores! Here are four sales you won’t want to miss out on. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  Summer tag sale: Take an extra 30% off sale styles with code EVENBETTER     40% off all full-priced styles, plus 60% off sale styles! (I’ve been loving their pretty, feminine dresses lately!)    40% off summer styles + 40% -60% off sale with code COOLSTYLES (lot’s of amazing basics, like my favorite v-neck tees for just a few bucks! This favorite striped dress is also a total steal!)   Lot’s of amazing finds just added to their summer sale over here! Favorites include the perfect flares, the perfect summer LWD and these lace-up wedges.     Have an amazing holiday weekend, and be sure to following along on Instagram @jesskeys_ for plenty of Parisian snaps over the next week!  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Maggie says  July 1, 2016 at 12:12 pm Yay! Have SO much fun in France! -Maggie  http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Maggie says  July 3, 2016 at 11:40 am Ahh I’m obsessed with your picks!! I need to stock up! http://www.maggiealamode.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Jeans, Black Gowns Dress, Silver Sandals, Floral Long Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 20, 2015   Dress: J.Crew  (on sale!) // Silver Oxfords: Tom’s (c/o) // Necklace: Shamelessly Sparkly (c/o) // Bracelets: J.Crew and Shamelessly Sparkly (c/o) // Watch: Anne Klein // Knee-high socks: Forever21  This past week, Kelly, Blair, Lauren and Erin and I were lucky enough to be invited to take advantage of the awesome space at NoMi, the restaurant at the Park Hyatt, for a couple photo shoots. Since the weather has been so bad lately, doing shoots outside has been extra brutal, so they’ve been few and far between! I’m so excited to share this and two more shoots to come. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  It was a fun way to spend a winter afternoon, and I can’t wait to go back again for lunch or cocktails. (Everything there is to die for– think a mix of American bistro fare meets Japanese.) I’m also counting down the days until their patio opens (although, it did hit 45 degrees this weekend, so it was ALMOST patio weather!)        I picked up this tomboy-inspired rugby t-shirt dress at J.Crew when we were up at the lake a few weekends ago, and it’s currently on major sale! I’ve been living in it lately, it’s super comfortable, but thick, so it keeps my warm. I like layering my leather leggings underneath it too for some extra coverage if I’m going outside. Stay toasty out there, and happy Tuesday (yay! It’s not Monday!)  Team effort photography by Kelly, Blair, Lauren and Erin Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Camis And Tanks, Rebecca Taylor Blouses, Grey Coats, High Rise Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 16, 2014   Well played, Kate spade. Well played. That’s how I feel every time I pull on this white midi skirt. Not only am I A.) obsessed with midi skirts at the moment, but B.) purposely and consistently getting lost in a sea of sheer paneling. I can’t get enough of it, especially with skirts! If you love this trend as much as I do, head over to my shop page to peruse the virtual racks of sheer paneling that I’ve hand picked!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Today’s outfit consists of a classic combination of formal + casual. A prim and proper skirt, mixed with a tied up, casual tank. Top off with metallic pumps and aviators, and you’ve got a look that can get you just about anywhere! Tonight kicks off the start of something pretty amazing with The Everygirl, so be sure to follow along on my Instagram as well as @TheEverygirl_ to catch up with me over the next couple of days, and find out what’s in store!     Shop Midi Mouse:  // <![CDATA[
!function(d,s,id){var e, p = /^http:/.test(d.location) ? 'http' : 'https';if(!d.getElementById(id)) {e = d.createElement(s);e.id = id;e.src = p + '://' + 'widgets.rewardstyle.com' + '/js/shopthepost.js';d.body.appendChild(e);}if(typeof window.__stp === 'object') if(d.readyState === 'complete') {window.__stp.init();}}(document, 'script', 'shopthepost-script');
// ]]&gt;  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jess Zimlich says  July 16, 2014 at 2:39 pm My favorite part about your outfit photos is the fact that your smile is so genuine! I’m excited about what’s happening over at The Everygirl  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop High Heeled Pumps, Tan Pumps, Frayed Shorts, Black Flat Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 23, 2014  It’s been a little busy over at GG lately. Where the heck have I been? Well, what do leggings, fashion week, and a kick-ass fall shopping list have in common? My life, over the past 3 (4? I’ve lost count) weeks.  So, in case you missed all that jazz, grab yourself a glass of wine (or bottle, this might take awhile). I’m catching you up below!  Yes,  we all acknowledge leggings to be the gateway drug that lead to our American Apparel obsession in college, but they’ve come so far since then. Don’t believe me? My gal Stephanie will prove you wrong. She helped us style three amazing looks — who knew basic leggings could be so freaking chic?    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
     The newest trends on the runway are fine and dandy, but let’s be honest with ourselves. It’s the street style shots that turn us all into creepy fashion week stalkers. Here are some of our favorite looks shot by the incredible Fiona Melder on the streets of NYC, just for us over at TEG!            It’s that time of year again (sigh). The weather in Chicago took a swift turn for the chilly this week and with it went all notions of summer. But when I saw these photos pop into my dropbox, I only had eyes for Pumpkin Spice lattes. Megan is completely killing it with these incredible fall looks. Be sure to head over and shop the full article!         Filed Under: Style, Styling tips  
Katie | lovely letters says  November 30, -0001 at 12:00 am SO in love with Stephanie’s variations on basic leggings. Taking these options and running with them! xx Katie 
Jess Zimlich says  September 23, 2014 at 4:32 pm I loved Stephanie’s post. Everything looks so doable. I just got back from Chicago yesterday, but I stopped by Dose Market and was so surprised to see a familiar face set up with her jewels. Lily Dawson has it going on  Hope your weekend was great! 
Hollie @ Fancykins says  September 23, 2014 at 7:26 pm I feel 100x less guilty for wearing leggings today at work after seeing how hard Stephanie rocked those looks. Glad you included the link in your roundup! 
Katie | lovely letters says  September 26, 2014 at 12:58 am SO in love with Stephanie’s variations on basic leggings. Taking these options and running with them! xx Katie 
Maya says  September 29, 2014 at 4:31 am You’ve been one busy gal! Love reading all your amazingness on The Everygirl. Kick ass girlfriend! xx 
Grace H says  October 1, 2014 at 12:51 pm Love the last look! Getting very inspired for the fall.. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Blouses And Tops, Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Gowns For Sale, Pink Sneakers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 5, 2016  Okay okay, don’t get all fussy on me for posting fall stuff yet because I am NOT LETTING GO OF SUMMER YET.  However, there are some pretty good deals that are coming to end soon (this weekend!) with the Nordstrom Sale, and I couldn’t let you pass those up, could I?  (Nooooopeeee.)  So, click any of the products above to shop! There are a ton of great fall essentials at great prices–including some reaaalllyyy cute transitional pieces that you can start wearing now, and well into the winter.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

…And there’s also the less-exciting stuff more closely associated with major temperature drops, butttt you should still buy them right now to save the major $$ (looking at you, Patagonia zip-ups at less than $100 and Duck Boots for $79!)  Remember, the sale ends on 8/7, so make sure to stock up while you can!  Anyway–what are you guys up to this weekend? I’m so excited because it’s my good friend Kristine’s wedding! She’s getting married at Nellcote which is only one of the most beautiful restaurants in Chicago–so to say we’re giddy about that would be an understatement!  Neal and I are also looking forward to actually getting out and about exploring our neighborhood. I keep telling him that he needs to get a bike so we can go on bike rides, but secretly I think he’s stalling because he thinks that’s too dorky of an #adulting activity to do ;-P  Anyway, I hope you have an amazing weekend, and happy shopping!  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Alyson Cruse says  August 5, 2016 at 10:34 pm Love that olive dress and that suede bag looks similar to a Balenciaga!
XO Alyson | My Life as Alyson Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White And Black Blouses, Gold Flat Shoes, Frayed Shorts, Black Booties Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 7, 2019   Finally!! My long-promised review of my (and I don’t say this lightly) favorite new winter-must haves: Dudley Stephens Turtlenecks!  When I first started noticing the brand (maybe last year?), I admit, I thought they looked comfy and cozy, but I wasn’t that intrigued. But then, I began to see some of my friends and favorite bloggers (Kelly, Grace, Krista, and Ailsa, to name a few)  RAVE about them–and I was officially intrigued.  ***This is the moment when I pause in the story for what can probably be considered a little “woo-woo” interlude. The universe works in mysterious ways. This example in particular? Actually, I had both of the following thoughts about a month ago:  And what email do I receive? An email asking if I wanted to team up with Dudley Stephens! (Which, I did NOT know––but to my surprise and delight––is a small, women-owned brand, sustainably made from recycled yarn!)  Pretty crazy, right?  So–while yes, FULL disclosure––while this is a sponsored post, this is a brand that has very quickly drawn me in like a moth to a flame––in the best way. I love everything about them, I love their products––I GET the hype now! And I’m really excited to introduce you to them today, too! (FYI you’ll be seeing a lot more *unsponsored* coverage of them from me, because, again…I’m in love and I really love to promote the brands I’m truly passionate about!)  In 2015, sisters Lauren and Katherine reached for their go-to zip-up fleece jackets before heading out for an evening on the Long Island sound, thinking that it would be REALLY great if someone could re-imagine the fleece to be something both warm AND fashion-forward–so, they decided to take matters into their own hands! Their mom, Bonnie, helped design the prototype, which was taken to be produced in Brooklyn––and the rest is history!  Their brand is built on the notion of “Do good, feel good, look good.” Years later, all of their designs are still locally made in their Brooklyn–from sustainable recycled yarn, no less! The material is incredibly soft, insanely warm, and best of all–low maintenance! You don’t need to iron it, it doesn’t pill, you don’t need to dry clean it, and the styles are classic––so easy to dress up OR down!  For my first intro to the brand, I chose to test-drive their two most classic, popular styles: The Cobble Hill and Park Slope–so that’s what I’ll be reviewing today! Let’s jump into those, shall we?  Shop my favorite Dudley Stephens styles + colors:       I will not lie to you, I had a pretty good feeling I’d love the classic Park Slope turtleneck (below) but I had my reservations about the tunic length Cobble Hill. You guys KNOW I front tuck everything. I own nothing tunic length–but I’d heard SO many people rave about it, I felt like I needed to give it a go.  You guys.  I FREAKING LOVE IT. Don’t tell anyone, because this is kind of embarrassing, but I’ve worn it the past three days in a row. (I mean…I wasn’t seeing the same people…nobody would know. ) So far, I’ve worn it on a date, I’ve worn it to run errands, and I’ve worn it to a meeting. Like…I have a problem.  I also shocked myself in that I fell in love with the Cranberry color. You know me––always black, cream, and camel––but I’m so glad I broke out of my standard mold for this. It’s the perfect color that can be festive for holiday, but isn’t SO red that you won’t want to wear it before or after Christmas!  So soft. So warm. Seriously, I wore this under a blazer the other day and that’s all I needed (and it was like 40 degrees out!)  Flattering cut: The cut is structured with a slight bell shape, so it fits really nicely through the hips and waist. I love the structured, stand-up collar, making it extra chic looking.  POCKETS! Need I say more? What’s better than an ultra-cozy, chic fleece with pockets?  Dudley Stephens Cobble Hill Sizing: I would say this one runs small in the arms. I originally ordered an XS in this (what I’d typically order for something that is typically oversized) and the arms were VERY TIGHT. The small, however, fits great! Another tip from my friend Ailsa–if you are busty or have broad shoulders–go up a size!   Dudley Stephens Cobble Hill Turtleneck, Faux leather leggings, Boots, Old scarf, Beret  This is the exact outfit I have repeated several times over but I first wore it out for a date night with Neal! He usually calls me “Granny” when I wear anything that is extra warm or oversized but to my surprise, I came out wearing this and he told me I looked “absolutely darling”––WIN WIN!! I think this is a great example of the Juxtaposition rule––a little classic/cozy, a little edgy––it just works!   Dudley Stephens Cobble Hill Turtleneck, Office pants, Cap-toe shoes You know I am ALWAYS thinkin of my 9-5 girls, so I definitely wanted to throw in a great “office appropriate” look here. The key to styling this longer tunic style for the office is to pair it with skinny, form-fitting trousers! (Ponte pants would work great here too!) I love how the pretty cranberry shade of the fleece pairs with the tan houndstooth of the pants. The classic cap-toes pull the whole look together!   Dudley Stephens Cobble Hill Turtleneck, High Rise Ankle Skinny Jeans, Sneakers  We’ve had a beautiful resurgence of fall weather here lately. (After, you know, that OCTOBER BLIZZARD.) This outfit is perfect for throwing on to go on a walk through the neighborhood–to grab a drink at your favorite bar, or to grab a movie! It’s just as comfortable as throwing on a hoodie, but so much more polished and pulled-together. I also feel the need to stress again just how WARM these turtlenecks are––they would be especially key if you spend a good amount of time––from walking the dog, to kids soccer games––whatever!   Now, we move on to the Park Slope––another one of Dudley Stephens classic styles! This has the same cute structured collar, the same super cozy, low-maintenance fleece. But instead of a tunic length, it’s the perfect, tuckable (or not) classic length.  Sizing: I found this to run less small through the arms than the above Cobble Hill turtleneck. Here I’m wearing an XS, and it fits great. I like that it’s not too tight but not too loose. If I wanted it to be looser/more oversized, I would’ve gone with a small!  I went for it in (shocker) classic black, because a black turtleneck is my ultimate winter wardrobe staple. I wear them EVERYWHERE–and I love this Park Slope in black especially because it can be easily dressed up or down. You can wear it with a mini skirt to go out if you want–or wear it with your favorite pair of leggings! There is no limit to how much you can wear this one!   Dudley Stephens Park Slope Turtleneck, Jeans (size up–I also cut off the bottoms to make the hems raw myself), Cap-toe shoes I have worn variations of this exact outfit at least 5 times since this turtleneck arrived. Neal helped me shoot this post and when I pulled on this outfit he said, “OH BOY. THE UNIFORM IS BACK!”  I love this look because, again––Juxtaposition rule! The jeans are a little more fashion-forward and edgy. The turtleneck is super classic and cozy, and the cap toes are the feminine polish that pulls it all together!   Dudley Stephens Park Slope Turtleneck, Pants, Old flats Again, always keeping my 9-5 gals in mind, this is a great way to style this ultra-cozy fleece for the office! (Not to mention, it is the PERFECT way to combat an icy cubicle!) To add a bit of extra interest, incorporate a pop of pattern–which you can easily do with something like shoes, a scarf, or even a headband!   Dudley Stephens Park Slope Turtleneck, Wide leg crops, sock booties, similar headband  Last, but certainly not least––this fleece is a match made in heaven with my favorite wide-leg crops and sock booties! (Not to mention, it’s a really warm outfit from head to toe, haha!) I would wear this outfit anywhere from meetings to date night, or dinner with the girls!  Shop my favorite styles + colors:    This post brought to you in partnership with Dudley Stephens. I hope you love this awesome brand and their cozy turtlenecks as much as I do! Thank you for supporting the brands that I love, and the partnerships that allow me to keep creating the best possible content for you––my best gals!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Red Bikinis Tops, Tan Wedges Heels, Black Cropped Pants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 4, 2015   Have you ever opened a package and literally squealed? 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 That happened a few weeks ago when Nordstrom sent me this adorable rain coat and french bulldog umbrella! Although I did have to wait a few weeks for it to actually rain for me to wear it outside, I will confess to putting it on over my pajamas and wearing it around the house because it’s just that adorable. (I’m a little girl at heart, you all know this by now.)  So you can imagine my wholehearted disappointment when I discovered that they are sold out of both of these items now (I’m sorry!), which were part of the amazing Topshop x Nordstrom Brit Pop-In, inspired by the British music scene in the 90’s (amazing.) Although that means you can’t buy the exact items, I DID find some pretty great alternatives that are almost identical (see above and below!) Also be sure to check out the rest of the Brit Pop-In items, they really take me back to the Spice World days (and I mean that in the VERY best way possible.) Thank you, Nordstrom, for reminding us just how awesome the 90’s really were. Additionally, I’ve been very all about this whole ribbon thing lately. I love tying it around my neck in lieu of a necklace (American Girl style, speaking of the 90’s), and I think it adds such a girly, charming touch to a messy ponytail. (The trick is to make it messy, if it’s slicked back and perfect it looks more baby cheerleader than messy chic.) Shop more raincoats: Shop more rain boots & umbrellas: Shop more Nordstrom x Topshop Brit Pop-In        What are your rainy day essentials?  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Booties Shoes, Striped Dresses, Black Gowns Dress, Red Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 2, 2019   You guys, I am SO excited to hit “publish” on our first interview for my new What I Wore to Work column! I cannot tell you how many incredible submissions I’ve received over the past couple of weeks–I’ve honestly barely made a dent in them! Thank you, thank you to all who submitted!  Today, I’m thrilled to introduce you guys to GG reader (and my new friend!) Paisleigh Telford from Oshkosh Wisconsin!  Not only is she sharing her awesome tips for curating a professional, polished, and budget-friendly work wardrobe, but you will be truly inspired by her story as well! I wish I could say I had a head like Paisleigh’s on my shoulders when I was 23!  I guarantee you will leave this post with a smile on your face and inspired by her infectious positivity!  Ready!? Let’s jump in!  P: I am a 23 year old full-time student and full-time professional. I take online classes for my bachelors degree in Leadership & Organizational studies because my company pays for my school if I work full time. A no-brainer in my opinion! I’m legally single but have been with my boyfriend for 5 years; he works in law enforcement! When I’m not at work, I do my best to stay involved in the community through big brothers big sisters, book club, community classes (currently taking a community sign language class!), and my local young professionals’ group. I also love investing my time into my friends. Especially my gal pal group and make it a priority to strike the balance between work warrior and friendship extraordinaire. P: I work for a large commercial laundry equipment manufacturing company in rural Wisconsin as an Associate HR Generalist. Emphasis on the “General” part of that, because I have a LOT of different job duties. I conduct up to 3 interviews a day for our hourly plant candidates and oversee the on-boarding and training process for new hires. In addition to that, I work with the leadership team to build leadership capabilities within the plant supervision roles. It is chaos at times, but I love it! P: As a young professional just getting momentum in her career, finding my work style has been crucial. I need to be approachable to my employees on the shop floor, but still be professional when I meet with executives and customers. I also need be making smart financial decisions and don’t typically have $100 per item budget for work pieces so I’ve pretty much perfected finding staple items at affordable prices that can transition from “9-5” to “5-9” on a Friday night if ya know what I mean. My work dress code was recently changed to VERY business casual. AKA we can wear jeans, but need to have work appropriate tops and shoes. If I had to describe my personal style outside of work it would be “smart casual” and I’ve always leaned toward the “dressier” side of any style. This new dress code has totally been MY JAM. I would wear a power suit daily if I wouldn’t stick out like a sore thumb to my peers, so having jeans be acceptable has allowed me to dress down my more “business-y” items. Because I spend a lot of time in the plant with production team members, I am also required to wear steel toed shoes when I’m on the shop floor. AKA I never wear dresses to work because steel toes + dresses = NOT CUTE.    If you love the look of a blazer but are nervous to look too dressed up in your office setting, Target’s cotton blazers are for you. They’re like a hybrid of a cardigan and a blazer and they’re amazing for a confidence boost too  True to size! I’m a 4/Small with anything above the waist. I swear I rotate through the same 4 blouses over and over again. 2 of them are more structured and linen and 2 of them a bit more flowy and polyester. If you don’t have the discretionary income to purchase higher end items right now in your life, search your TJ Maxx and Marshalls racks! That being said, a cautionary tale from a girl who’s been there- just because that blouse is $6.99 does not mean you need it. You will wear it once and then it will sit in your closet for 6 months until you get that “Marie Kondo” inspiration and end up donating it. When shopping for work, I look in the $20-40 range for tops. Look for blouses with linen or polyester fabrics and that feel sturdy for everyday. This blouse from Banana Republic Factory is a great example!  That wide bottom half issue I keep talking about? These jeans are my fix! The dark wash is more work appropriate and the fit makes them comfortable for all day wear. They make me feel put together while staying comfortable and are an easy work-to-play transition piece. If you can’t wear jeans to the office, I love these affordable work pants. I tell all of my friends that if they need flattering work pants, these are the holy grail. (FYI on sizing: I always size down here. In “big name” brands I’m usually a 6, here I’m  a 4!) I will say they don’t last as long as more expensive alternatives- this is my 2nd pair in 2 years but I have yet to find another pair of dress pants that are as flattering as these! The one I’m wearing in all these photos actually from ALDI!?It was $7 and I had spilled a coffee in my previous bag the same day that I stopped there for groceries and found it in the random section of the Aldi aisle that has miscellaneous non food items with the intention of using it only temporarily. I ended up actually loving it and now it’s my day to day tote! This similar one is from Target though, and it’s reversible and only $29! Also comes in pink/taupe. (Jess’ note–it’s a great budget-friendly alternative to my fave Everlane or Madewell totes!)  Sadly, the ones I’m wearing in all of these pictures aren’t sold anymore but block heels are so popular right now I highly recommend shopping around for your perfect fit. As mentioned before, I recently ordered these which are very similar! (Jess’ note: DSW also carries this adorable pair–they have 5 star reviews and this brand is known to be stupid comfy!)   I wore this for an office day that consisted of a new hire orientation and a couple of interviews for hourly candidates but mostly desk work! Top: Old Navy (similar) Jeans: Old Navy Rockstar (TTS, wearing 6) Pumps: Vince Camuto (similar here and here) Bag: Aldi! ?See story above! (Similar here, here)   P: I started working for the company 3 1/2 years ago in a entry level software evaluation job which is fancy talk for “follow this washing machine manual word for word and tell us if it works right” ? I knew the company would pay for education so it gave me the opportunity to not go into debt for school. Because HR knew I was going for Human Resources, when an HR assistant job opened up, they gave me an interview and I landed the job. After one year in my assistant role I was promoted to Associate HR Generalist. Currently, I’m on track to graduate with my bachelors in Leadership & Organizational Studies in Spring of 2020 and continue my career with my company.  Above: at a career fair to go to at the local high school and had to wear company branded gear- hence the super cute “blouse” ? Not everyday can be a winner, right?? P: It wasn’t an easy decision to go the technical school path. There was a lot of FOMO involved, and sometimes I still feel like I missed out on “traditional” college . I left high school having an idea of a lot of things I was kinda-sorta interested in, but none that I was passionate about and going into debt for a degree in  “Ummm idk?” struck more fear in me than missing out on traditional experiences did. I went to technical school because I knew that the gen-ed classes could transfer to my local university if I did choose to go that route one day and they were almost half the cost. Really most of my decision was rooted in making choices that were best for my future, not just ones that would benefit me in the short term. Yes, I could have taken on that debt and gone the traditional route and probably been perfectly fine! Many of my friends did that exact thing and they are perfectly happy. But I also knew that with a little more work and a little more time I could be gaining professional skills while attending school and do it all debt free. If you are a graduating high school student in the same boat of not knowing what you want to go to school for, I would highly encourage you to check out your local technical schools. It just doesn’t make financial sense to pay double the cost for the same gen-ed classes that you’d be taking your first year at University. And honestly, it’s totally ok if college isn’t for you! A college degree does not make or break you as a human being. Rest in the knowledge that your worth is not defined by your academic path.   P: This is an amazing question! Honestly, I have always been a big picture person. No, testing washing machines was not my dream job but the pay was pretty great for entry level, the hours were flexible and it allowed me to have flexibility to complete school work. I think that there is a lot of value in developing eyes for finding the silver lining in any season of life. This job really helped me understand the ins and outs of the company at the ground level – something I never would have learned had I gotten a “career” position right away. It also taught me the value of maintaining your reputation even in a job that may seem “dead end” for now. You never know what opportunities will arise and tainting your reputation now can hurt you in the long run. So while often times I felt like banging my head against a wall when testing my 50th spin cycle of the day, I also knew that I was fortunate to have a well paying job at all and that little tiny foot in the door opened up a whole career for me.  After getting home from Madison muchh later due to hanging out too long with a local friend, Wednesday was a rough morning! So I pulled on one of my fallback go-to outfits: Blouse: Old (Nearly identical here, similar here) Moto jacket: Old Navy (runs big, size down! I own it in three colors I love it so much!) Jeans: Old Navy Rockstar (TTS, wearing 6) Shoes: old (similar on Amazon for $40!) Bag: Aldi! ?See story above! (Similar here, here)   P: My favorite transition piece is the J Crew scalloped tank top. I actually found it through Kelly and now I own it 3 colors, I love it so much! If I know I have after work plans, I can pair the tank with jeans, pumps and a blazer to work, and drop the blazer when it’s happy hour.  If it’s too chilly to go without a jacket, I’ll put on one of my moto jackets instead. If I’m over wearing heels for the day, I stash these loafers in my bag and ditch my heels after work. I also usually keep a fun pair of earrings in my bag to throw on as well. Easy peasy transition!   P: I sit solidly in the “average woman” body type at a size 6, 5 foot 6 inches and it’s been a struggle in the Instagram world to find fashion inspiration from women who have the same bottom heavy, top light body as me. I have a much wider bottom than top so finding pants that actually fit is a constant battle.   P: Over the years, I’ve found that pairing a block heel with a slim and/or skinny pant leg to elongate my figure works wonders for mending my insecurities related to my body from the hips down. As for hips up, I love finding lightweight blouses that can be worn alone in summer and be worn with a cardigan in the colder months. My go to fabrics are linen and polyester- which sounds odd but Polyester tops are SO lightweight and flattering! I think the fabric gets a bad rep. I shy away from any tops that are even borderline too low cut or too tight. My rule of thumb for any piece of workplace clothing: if you are questioning whether or not it is appropriate for work, you should probably pick something different!   P: Honestly, the old block heel pumps I’m wearing in all these photos–close second though are my favorite Loafers – they’re currently on sale and run true to size!   This is my office where I spend 75% of my time when at work. Nothing Pinterest worthy but at least I have a window! This is a pretty standard everyday look of mine. I’m a BIG fan of a classic button down (I love the Ralph Lauren ones, but I also have a few Jcrew ones that are VERY similar and much more affordable. My RL ones I’ve always gotten second hand off of Ebay) And on days that my feet need a break from pumps, I go for my leopard print flats.  P: Andrew and I basically have the most opposite shifts possible. I work from 7am – 4pm and he works from 8pm to 6:30 am ? He also works a 4 days on, 4 days off schedule meaning he often is working on what is my weekend and I’m often working on what is his weekend. To add to that inconvenience, we live about 30 minutes away from one another as well. I get this question a lot from friends and my answer is always simple- when you want it to work it doesn’t feel like work. I’m definitely a glass-half-full-lining-is-silver kind of person so I often see our forced time apart as a blessing because it allows me to dedicate time to friends, responsibilities, and organizations without feeling too guilty that I’m not spending it with him.   A: I actually just got placed with my Little last week and met her on Monday! One of my biggest goals this year was to get more involved in the community and BBBS seemed like a great way to make an actual impact. My biggest piece of advice would be to make sure you have the time and emotional capacity to dedicate to pouring into your little’s life. Last year was full of a lot of growth for me and this year I was ready to start investing some of that growth into outside activities.   P: My favorite read this last year was A Man Called Ove. I am not the crying type at all but this one made me tear up several times! (Jess’ note: I LOVED this book too!)  J: What’s your most proud career accomplishment?  P: Having team members thank me for the impact I had as HR in offering them a job. It is the most humbling thing to have someone thank me for giving them a shot at a job and I never forget that my decision to give someone a job or not has a significant impact on their lives. I’ve been burned many times by candidates that I had high hopes for who flopped, but I’ve also been able to watch team members build a career. Again- I am not a crier, but I swear I tear up sometimes thinking about how proud I am of the team members that we have working for us!  I had a seminar in Madison on re-assimilating convicts into the workforce (exciting stuff), so I dressed more to the business professional side than business casual. Blazer: Target (mentioned above!) Pants: Van Heusen–the holy grail budget-friendly work pant! Run big! Top: TJ Maxx (similar here, here) Pumps: Vince Camuto (similar here and here)   P: Professionally, the best advice I’ve received that’s stuck with me is that our weaknesses are often simultaneously our strengths. It is a funny concept to grasp but the more that I thought about it the more it made sense. For example, I am absolutely a last minute, fly by the seat of my pants type of person. I always saw this as a weakness since I definitely don’t fit the “Type-A corporate warrior” persona that we think of when we think of professional women. (Meryl Streep in Devil Wears Prada, anyone?)   As I’ve grown in my role, I’ve found that my flexibility, ability to take on challenges and embracing my creative side is what’s helped me stand out. So while I can sometimes get myself into hot water with my lack of vision for the details, my big picture brain is also what drives me to success. (I’m a type 7 on the Enneagram for anyone who pays attention to those!) On a personal level the one piece of advice that I always remember is actually from the GG blog. (Jess’ note: Aw this made my whole day to hear!) “You’re on the same team” is always on repeat in my head when it comes to my relationship with my boyfriend and my relationships with my friends. I admittedly have a tendency to develop sharp edges when feeling challenged, and I always have to remember that my loved ones aren’t there to drag me down just as I’m not there to drag them down. We’re all on the same team!  A Casual Friday look! I love these jeans they’re my perfect balance between a trendy mom jean while still keeping it classic. Jeans: Old Navy (TTS. Wearing a 6. If you have been wanting to try a “mom jean” style but aren’t fully committed, these are the ones for you! I have a pretty long torso and shorter legs, so I like to pair mine with a heel to elongate the silhouette.) Top: old (similar) Pumps: Vince Camuto (similar here and here) P: I think a big misconception is that Human Resources is boring and only there to enforce rules to employees and pump policies into their brains. While I do educate team members on policies and enforce them when needed, HR is much more about investing time into team members to develop them into experts in their field.   P: Right now, my biggest focus is on developing skills in my current position and finishing school. I really do love my job and if anything I’d love to become a full on generalist eventually rather than “Associate”. I feel immensely grateful on a daily basis to be able to say that I genuinely love my job and the people that I work with. P: Prioritize the “Human” in Human resources. It is a really broad field with a ton of opportunity, but at the end of the day an HR professional is there for the people not for themselves. You don’t have to know what specific area you want to get into (payroll, benefits, wellness etc) you just have to have a desire to develop people. For people going into HR or any other profession, I would say volunteer for any projects you can get your hands on. From designing materials to developing and presenting content, I’ve said “yes” to most all opportunities presented to me. I know there will come a time when I’ll have to start practicing saying “no” but when we’re young, legally single, and have no real obligations, that is the time to put in the extra hours!  Saying “yes” has challenged me in SO many ways, but it’s also opened up doors for me to work with individuals across the entire organization and expand my network which in invaluable to me. P: I love this question because as much as I am a career minded young professional, I also always keep in mind that my career does not define me. This isn’t always a natural mindset to have so if you’re somebody that tends to lean toward the “glass half empty” side of the spectrum, start by intentionally taking 3 minutes before bed to be grateful for a win in your day. Some days my wins come from work related victories and some days my wins look like laughing to the point of tears with friends after a rough day at the office.  Other days a win is simply saying “yes” to that extra scoop of frozen custard because…life. Nobody’s journey is without struggles. It’s hard to wrap up my entire journey into a little feature on a blog, but rest assured I struggled. There were and still are many calls to my mother and many glasses of “bad day” wine with my roommate (Thanks, Emmy!) Please don’t measure your journey to mine! I often struggle with the comparison game that goes both ways. Sometimes I look at someone and think “Gosh I’m SO far behind” and sometimes I look at someone and think “at least I’m not that far behind” (Terrible I know, but hopefully you guys can relate to that darker side as well!) Again, our worth is not measured by our tangible items, our job or the piece of paper we earned. My wish for all of my friends and for every reader out there is to find contentment in the now while working toward the goals that we may all have. The grass will always be greener on the other side until we take the time to appreciate the shade that we’re standing on.  — Paisleigh, thank you SO MUCH for being part of What I Wore to Work. I think I speak on behalf of everyone that you are an  inspiration, and that we can all benefit from adopting your glass-half-full outlook on life! We are all so thankful to have been able to hear about your story. Stay tuned for more WIWTW profiles on more inspirational women coming soon!  Filed Under: Advice, Style, What I Wore to Work   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Flat Shoes, White Sleeveless Blouse, Sleeveless Dresses, Boxes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 12, 2019   Big thanks to Lord + Taylor and ShopStyle for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 110% my own! ? HAPPY FRIDAY FRIENDS!  Is it just me or did this week [the beginning anyway] really feel like the first official week of SPRING!? EEEK! I can’t believe it’s here! Perfect timing, actually, for today’s topic…date night tops! I can tell the weather is warming up all over–it seems like everyone is coming out of hibernation mode, because I’ve been receiving more messages from you guys than usual being like, HELP! WHAT DO I WEAR ON THIS DATE TONIGHT!?  Allow me to come to the rescue, along with Lord + Taylor–because they have a whole lotta cute date night outfits on sale right now ?(I actually had Neal help me pick out these tops, haha, so they are also Neal approved!!) You know Lord + Taylor is my go-to destination for ALL. THE. SALES–yeah? Well, today is no exception, because they’re currently running their Friends + Family sale with an extra 30% off almost everything on their site! (Even brands that rarely go on sale!) Use code FRIENDS at checkout! Everything you see in this post today is marked down as well! Hooray! Let’s jump into said date night outfits already! These are perfect whether it’s your first date, or your 500th! ? First, the two constants–I’m wearing each of these in all three looks!   When I saw that Lord + Taylor had Joe’s Honey Skinny Jeans on sale, I jumped at the chance to try them. I used to wear Joe’s a TON when I was younger, but haven’t had a new pair in years, so I wondered if they’d still live up to the hype–turns out, they do! These are so flattering and such a great wash, especially for a date night. They hug you in all the right places, make your legs look super long (that’s why we go for the high waist, friends! ?) and at a sale price of $58–they’re pretty tough to beat! Their “Honey” style is their most popular style (I’ve heard good things from you guys!) and now I see why!  If Joe’s aren’t your thing but you’re looking to invest in a new pair of nice jeans this season, Lord + Taylor has TONS of markdowns on premium denim, so definitely give their selection a look!  Sizing: I ordered my normal size, which is 25–they’re snug but stretch a bit! I’d say go with your normal size if you like your jeans snug, if you like them looser, maybe go up!  I have never purchased a pair of Splendid shoes that weren’t incredibly comfortable. I LOVE them (why don’t I own more of them, honestly? ?) and these are no exception! They’re velvet, which means the straps are super soft, don’t rub, and the block heel will make it easy to take an impromptu sidewalk stroll for ice cream without totally killing your feet! SADLY the black is nearly sold out but they have other colors! Run TTS!  Now, the tops…     There are few things more flattering than a wrap top! The combination of the v-neck shape and cinched waist flatters all body types and bust sizes–plus, one issue with a lot of wrap tops is that they’re too low-cut for work, but this one isn’t! It even has a little snap to keep the neckline nicely in place. You can totally wear this with a skirt or slacks for work and change into jeans and heels for your date! I love the feminine floral pattern as well! It comes in this plum color as well as black floral! This one is made by 1. State, which is a brand I really love–Lord and Taylor has a bunch of their stuff marked down that you can shop here! Sizing: Wearing XS and fits TTS!     I really love this brand–Miss Selfridge–they make the cutest, fun stuff that never breaks the bank. This is a brand I always shop at Lord + Taylor! As soon as I spotted this top, I thought it was so fun and different! I love the pattern and the dainty details of the buttons going down the front! Plus, it’s got a peplum-kinda detail which is super flattering! Note: You do need high-waisted jeans to go with it though, it’s cropped!  Sizing: Wearing 0 and wish I’d gone with the 2! (It’s a European brand so it tends to run small!)    Ohhhh Mango ruffflee topppp, fancy seeing you here. ?(No, you aren’t hallucinating, I did style it with jean shorts in another post last week––I wanted to prove to you how versatile it is. Plus, I have been wearing it nonstop with everything!) This was Neal’s favorite top of the bunch, which is great, because I think it’s my favorite too! This is another one that you can total re-purpose for a more casual day at work because it’s still conservative!  Shop this post: 
    Big thanks to Lord + Taylor and ShopStyle for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 110% my own! ? Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Stuart Weitzman Pumps, White Tank Tops, Yellow Bikinis, Shoes Wedges and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 21, 2019   Huge thank you to Nordstrom and Shopstyle for sponsoring today’s post, and thank YOU for supporting my favorite brand partnerships that enable me to continue creating the best possible content for you! It’s that time of the year again… The time of year where I only wear cozy loungewear and sometimes don’t leave the house for days at a time. I consider myself to be somewhat of a pajama connoisseur so you could say that I’ve been looking forward to writing this post for a very long time. I’m really excited to be teaming up with one of my favorite retailers, Nordstrom, again today! Nordstrom is one of my favorite brands to work with because they give us the liberty to write about and feature WHATEVER we want (AKA whatever we love most and whatever topic we know YOU will love most, too!) It’s no coincidence that I chose the topic of super-soft loungewear to write about today. I LOVE Nordstrom’s sleepwear and can never get enough. They are my go-to every year! Whether you’re looking to treat yourself to a new pair of heavenly pajamas, or you’re buying gifts for the homebody in your life–I think you’ll love this post where I’m highlighting some of my cozy favorites! (Also,  if you’re looking for other holiday gift inspiration, they have great Ideas in their curated gift guides section!)  Another plus: Remember, Nordstrom has free shipping and returns anytime, so if you aren’t sure of sizing (so hard when buying gifts!) or you can’t decide which color she’ll like best, when in doubt, buy both, and you can return whatever doesn’t work!  I have the shorties version of these pajamas and they are my all-time favorite to wear in the warmer months. They feel like butter on your skin without making you hot! They are almost silky, they’re so soft! This set comes in tons of colors and would make the best gift for your sister, mom, or best friend! I’m wearing an XS here–they definitely run oversized!  I was SHOCKED at how soft these were when I took them out of the bag–the material feels like the softest baby blanket you’ve ever felt. Not only that, but they have the cutest details, like a ruffle hem on the sleeves and the edge of the top, and ruching at the ankles! They come in lots of patterns but I couldn’t resist this cute little striped set!  WUBBBBYYYYY. It’s not just MY reader favorite, it’s one of YOUR biggest favorite buys of the year as well! (I polled you guys on IG stories and there were so many Wubby Fleece fans!) This pullover from Thread and Supply is basically like a sheep and a cloud had a baby. Yeah, it’s that good. Also it’s SO WARM. If you’re the person who is always cold–get this–you will not be sorry. Full review/styling session on it right over here!  I always get requests for good jogger suggestions, so when I saw the rave reviews for these online I knew I wanted to give them a test drive for you guys––they do not disappoint! Again, another home run in the “insanely soft” department. They come in SO many colors––so whether you want more of a fun printed “pajama-like” jogger, or you just want classic black, grey, etc, you will love these! In addition, the price point is tough to beat, too! Sizing: THEY RUN HUGEEEEE. I got a small but definitely should’ve gone with XS!!  My fluffy white slippers from years past have finally kicked the bucket, and I was in the market for some new ones. Enter these…they can’t be beat for the price point! $39 (they’d make the perfect budget-friendly gift!) and they’re so cozy. They have this memory foam-y sole that feels like heaven as soon as you step into these. I get excited every time I’m walking home just thinking of putting these on! Not pictured, but I had to include Nordstrom’s Butter socks in this roundup. Have you heard of them? If you haven’t. PREPARE YOURSELF. You need a pair for everyone in your family. They are the coziest, softest, most heavenly socks and they come in about every color under the sun. (For men and kids too!) They are a must-have stocking stuffer! You know the curated “Nordstrom looks” at the bottom of every product page? Where they curate a look using the featured product for you? (So helpful!) I CAN DO THAT NOW! Nordstrom has started inviting select influencers to create their own “Nordstrom Looks”––you can see my curated Nordstrom Looks page right here! There are a few cozy essentials looks in there, as well as tons of other occasions, like date night, casual weekend, and more! Huge thank you to Nordstrom and Shopstyle for sponsoring today’s post, and thank YOU for supporting my favorite brand partnerships that enable me to continue creating the best possible content for you! Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And Gold Jewelry, Blue Heels Shoes, White Blouses And Tops, Red Bikinis Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 26, 2016   Shop the collage:    If you read this big announcement post a couple weeks back, you know Neal and I are heading to Paris at the beginning of July! While we’re pretty low key about flying by the seat of our pants when it comes to travel plans, of course, I’m already envisioning what my wardrobe is going to look like for the 8 days or so that we’re there! I’m a huge fan of packing light, so I’m going to do the best that I can to carry on for the journey. We’ll be staying in an Air BnB, so we’ll have access to a washing machine, and I plan to pack some versatile basics that can be mixed and matched as needed! I typically try to pack more along the lines of a capsule wardrobe–a suitcase full of staples that can be worn several different ways, dressed up and dressed down for whatever occasion necessary. Sound intriguing? Here’s how to pull together your own Parisian travel capsule wardrobe! I know what you’re thinking–why the capsule wardrobe? When heading to the most romantic city in the world, wouldn’t you want a ton of options to choose from when it comes to your clothing? Well, not necessarily! I love bringing a well-curated, thought out list of items that make getting ready a snap. Yes, of course I want to look fabulous in whatever I’m wearing–which is why you should only bring a handful of items that you absolutely adore, vs a ton of things that you just “like.” When you know you can blindly pull two items out of a suitcase and know they’ll look great together, it makes getting dressed much less stressful! Plus, traveling is a big enough nightmare as it is–who wants to wait an extra 30 minutes for their luggage when they land in such an exciting city? Not me! Plus, losing your luggage upon arrival would be one of the quickest ways to ruin the start of your trip. Not to mention, checking luggage requires a LOT earlier arrival times. I want extra time to sleep in, and extra time spent exploring, not spending more time in the airport. (Woof.)  The key to making it work is to pack in a color scheme–you’ll see that I’ve kept along the lines of navy’s and blues, reds and blacks, with neutral accessories that can be mixed and matched as needed. Also, your suitcase matters. I recently purchased this suitcase, which is insanely roomy, carry-on sized, and comes with some really easy zip compartments to make packing a breeze. (And also happens to be the prettiest suitcase I’ve ever laid eyes on.) I can’t recommend it enough. For more info on it, you can read my full review on it right here. Okay–let’s get into that packing list, yes? 1. Striped Tee  I’m a firm believer in that you cannot have too many stripes, especially when traveling. Not only do stripes make every outfit look cuter (and make you look adorable in photos!) but stripes easily disguise dirt and stains, which are inevitable, especially in a big city like Paris. Plus, these tees fold up into basically nothing, so you can easily fit a handful into your bag while taking up little to no space. 2. Slinky tank top  Slinky tank tops are great for layering (essential, as Parisian weather is a bit unpredictable)–they look perfect under a jacket and will keep you cool when the weather is hot. Slinky tanks are ideal for dinner dates or an afternoon out sightseeing. 3. Long sleeved tee  For when the weather is a little cooler than anticipated, it’s always great to have one long sleeved tee in your bag. (These are great to wear on the plane as well.) I prefer to pack them in a darker color so they’re easier to dress up at night, when the weather is a little chillier. I’d wear this with jeans and ballet flats for a casual picnic dinner in the park. 4. Gingham button down  Again, patterns are ideal for travel because they disguise dirt, and wrinkles too! Plus, they add more character to an outfit–kind of a “less is more” scenario–when you wear a cute pattern, you have less of a need for piling on accessories. I love a classic button down, because again, they can be worn for virtually any situation. It’s just as great for a day perusing the flea markets as it is paired with a skirt and wedges for a late dinner. 5. Eyelet Midi (AKA a day to night dress)  Parisian women are often seen wearing summery dresses in lieu of shorts, so ensure there are quite a few versatile dresses in your carry-on. I love this midi dress because it’s slightly more elegant than the others due to the dainty lace details and midi length. It will look adorable with Keds for daytime and perfect with wedges for an upscale date. I would also feel ultra chic sipping hot chocolate at Angelina’s in this number, paired with lace-up ballet flats. 6. Striped shift dress Stripes again–ding ding ding! (You can never have too many, remember?) This dress is just too cute to pass up, and like all other items on this list, can be worn for a variety of occasions with very little effort. 7. Feminine t-shirt dress (also day to night dress)  I love the feminine sleeve details of this dress. It’s super comfy, and can be combined with any footwear option, depending on the occasion. 8. Slip dress (another day to night option)  I challenge you to find a more suitable dress for a romantic night out in paris. You simply won’t. In fact, you could wear this dress out every single night, and nobody would notice, or complain. (Certainly not your boyfriend!) 9. Navy shorts  Per the above, shorts are much more common among tourist in Paris than locals, which is why I kept this to a maximum of one pair, reserved for really hot days when nothing else will simply do. 10. Leather Jacket  Paris weather can be a bit unpredictable, so one jacket is a must. I love leather jackets as they pair well with anything, and despite their compactness, are really quite warm. 11. Linen mini skirt  I love this skirt for a few reasons–first, it’s a flattering length–mini, but not so mini that you’ll need to be constantly re-adjusting. It’s also made of linen, so it’s perfect for summer and keeping you cool, yet it’s structured–so you won’t have to worry about it flying up in the wind, and it’s a snap to transition from day to night. It comes in both black and navy to maximize versatility. (Although, it does also come in an adorable punchy red color that is very tempting.) 12. Gingham tank  Patterns, patterns, patterns! I love this gingham tank for obvious reasons, but it’s also a second, non-cotton top option that you can mix and match for whatever occasion you might night, which is, obviously, always a plus! 13. Jeans Being Paris in July, one pair of jeans is perfectly fine. I plan to pack jeans that are lightweight and a bit looser than the standard skinnies–girlfriend or boyfriend jeans would be perfect. 14. Ponte Pants  Ponte pants are awesome, because they’re like leggings, but they’re much classier. They’re made of a thicker material that is suitable for all occasions, rather than just looking like sweatpants. 15. Sneakers:  Comfortable walking shoes are an absolute must! I’m a huge fan of my Keds and rarely travel anywhere without them, but converse are also a great option. Make sure to spray them with protectant spray beforehand. That way, if they get dirty, you can just wipe them clean! I prefer them in white so they’re understated, classic, and go with everything. 16. Ballet flats  Ballet flats are a staple in any woman’s closet, especially in Paris. I prefer the lace-up kind, which I think add a little something extra to your outfit, but feel free to choose whatever you think will make you most comfortable. Its important to bring both open toe and closed toe options, as summer weather in Paris typically ranges from high 50’s (F) to around 75 degrees (F). It also tends to get cooler at night. 17. Flat sandals  One pair of sandals in a neutral color is ideal so they match everything in your suitcase. I love the tie-up quality of this pair–which is handmade in Italy, yet still surprisingly affordable. They really adds a lot of personality to your simple wardrobe. Again, both open and close toed footwear options are essential. 18. Wedges  Because, obviously, I’m in Paris, I would like to feel romantic from time to time when we go out at night, so I plan to bring one pair of heels. Usually this goes against my European travel rule, but–when in the city of love, right? If you feel the same, just make sure you’re bringing wedges, not stilettos, as regular heels will get eaten alive in the cobblestone streets of Paris. (Plus, you don’t want to go home with a broken ankle.) 19. Small cross-body  For nights and shorter day trips around the city, you don’t want to be lugging a bunch of stuff around with you, so a smaller cross-body is ideal for these situations. I love the pink color of this one, because it contrasts everything else in your suitcase, but still goes with everything perfectly. Just make sure it’s a cross-body bag, as something strapped across and in front of your body lessons your chances of being mugged and pick-pocketed. 20. Larger cross-body  For longer day-trips when you need a bit more stuff in your bag, a larger cross-body is essential. Ensure it’s big enough to fit a pashmina, perhaps a bottle of water, and maybe a granola bar or two to get you by for longer journey.   What would you pack in your suitcase for Paris? If you have any additional tips on what to wear, or what to see, I’d love to hear them!  Filed Under: Packing Lists, Shop, Style, Travel  
Breanne says  May 26, 2016 at 11:11 am It may sound weird, but in my travel capsule to 3 weeks in Europe, I brought old faves that I was ready to part with. That way, I swapped them out as I shopped. If I didn’t find anything, then I went home with tried and true favorites still!  
Jenn Lake says  May 26, 2016 at 1:55 pm It sounds like the perfect packing list. I’m so excited to see all of your beautiful photos from Paris! 
Cat says  May 27, 2016 at 8:27 am I can’t wait to read all about your Paris adventures! You do a wonderful job of writing, and I’m sure reading Paris through your eyes will be so enjoyable. I also love the graphic you created showcasing your capsule wardrobe. You must be pretty excited about your trip to think of your packing list this far in advance! Cat
Class Meets Couture 
Isabel D. Miller says  May 27, 2016 at 10:05 am I love your tips and choice for a capsule wardrobe. I also do hate to wait on the airport, there’s always some trouble, so better not be the luggage, at least.  xoxo
– Isabel http://www.moonstonemagic.com 
Kira @ The Imperfectionist says  May 27, 2016 at 11:02 am Are you sure you don’t mean you leave extra room in your suitcase for me to fit inside….? 
Lindsey Simon says  May 31, 2016 at 12:33 pm I totally agree with these tips. having access to a washer/dryer is clutch too. have fun girl! Love, Lindsey
http://www.thenomisniche.com/ 
Heather S says  May 31, 2016 at 6:15 pm Entered on Insta….soooo excited about this! (kaizenfashion)
xx […] lot more fun, but super fast, too! You can see my example Paris travel capsule wardrobe here and more tips on packing a capsule wardrobe for travel […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Mini Bags, Tan Wedges Heels, Denim Capris, Black Heeled Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 17, 2017   Dress: B.P. (back in stock!) –similar here and here! Shoes: Steve Madden (also love this embellished pair!)  Initial necklace: similar here but this one is on sale! Gold bracelet: c/o Monica Vinader–also on sale! Bag: Cult Gaia Ark Bag  I hate to admit this guys, but… Fall wedding season is upon us. (*CRINGE. STILL HANGING ONTO SUMMER!*) The question is–what do you wear to a wedding this fall? If you’re scrambling, you’re not alone! I feel like this time of the year can be the hardest to shop for. Like, is it going to be warm? Will you be freezing? Is hot pink too bright for September? Are sandals appropriate for a warm October wedding? …SO many questions. Which is why, today, I’m going over some of your most popular wedding attire related questions, and rounding up my favorite versatile dresses that you can wear to any wedding this fall and winter. (Sorry, I only included the “W” word because they’re suitable for both!!) Okay, let’s jump in! Steer away from anything super bright, summery silhouettes, and of course–anything white, or that could look white (off-white, very very light blush, etc) especially if it’s lace. If it looks remotely bridal, put it down. My favorite colors for a fall wedding are darker tones, like a deep green, burgundy, navy and of course, the classic black. If you want to go with a color, that’s totally fair game, too! Just make sure it’s more muted than it’s summery version. (I.E. instead of coral, go with a moody burnt orange.) Also, blush is a color I like to wear year-round, just make sure the silhouette is less breezy (which says summer) and more formal. Favorite fall colors:  Dark florals are also having a moment right now! They’re lovely for more formal occasions and can be a great thing to wear to those in-between summer/fall weddings. (Hehe. Like mine?) Favorite dark florals:  Black tie optional can be tricky, but it’s also much easier to find a dress for this occasion than true “black tie” where a gown might be needed! There will definitely be plenty of guests wearing gowns, but you can still get away with a very tasteful cocktail dress if you choose correctly. My biggest piece of advice for black tie optional is to go with a slightly more casual maxi dress (that you could wear for a variety of occasions) and dress it up with some statement jewelry and great heels. Also, a classic slip dress can work for pretty much any occasion! Here are a few of my favorites that can work great for black tie optional:   No way! I think this is more of an old-fashioned sentiment, but I’ve never heard of this being an issue in present day. This likely stems from the thought that red can often make it look like you’re trying to draw too much attention to yourself (i.e. away from the bride) but there are tons of beautiful red dresses that are wedding appropriate. The only color that is truly off limits for a wedding is white. As long as you would wear it in front of your grandma, it’s appropriate for the wedding. Same as the above–this is also an outdated rule. However, based on my research, it looks like this is more common in Europe, and that the attitude is that black should not be worn in a church (this is reserved for funerals). However, if you’re attending a wedding in the U.S.–black is fair game, and often, it’s the most popular color! Of course! An LBD is one of the most versatile items in your closet! It’s one piece that you can invest in and wear for years. Here are some of my favorites: Shoes: I absolutely LOVE Steve Madden’s suede sandals (Sam Edelman also makes a similar pair!)–especially these embellished ones, they’re perfect for formal events! I think they help toe the line between summer and fall/winter so perfectly. I’m also a huge fan of Sam Edelman’s d’Orsay pumps with the ankle strap. They’re really timeless and you’ll wear them for years for every occasion! Jewelry + Wraps: BHLDN is a great place to go to for both jewelry and pretty pashmina wraps for chillier wedding dates. Kendra Scott’s wedding collection (for brides and guests alike!) has my favorite selection of timeless and beautiful statement jewelry! Favorite accessories:     Filed Under: Advice, Lifestyle, Style  
Alyssa Thomas says  August 18, 2017 at 7:56 am Love the dark floral trend! And you really can never go wrong with blush! 
The Wardrobe Issue says  August 19, 2017 at 3:58 am the dark floral theme is a good idea, paires vwith some colorfull acessories, and it could be used for everyday outfits after ! I am very convinced that dressing for a wedding day is all about accessories. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Turtleneck Sweaters, Candles, Striped Dresses, Navy Blue Blouses Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 19, 2017   Ankle booties: Dolce Vita–also come in black. This pair is also very similar and comes in a really pretty deep chestnut color! Jeans: Rag & Bone and the J.Brand Maria’s are my other favorite pair  Reversible poncho: (yes! Reversible!) AQUA, Striped turtleneck: old, but similar here and here! (up to 30% off right now!!) Sunnies: old, similar here Happy Thursday! We are ALMOST to the weekend–it’s so close I can taste it! Today I’m thinking of going to scope out a new coffee shop–any reccos? I checked out the new Haven Lounge last week in the Den Theatre–have you been inside yet? It’s SO cute! (You can check out my full list of best Chicago coffee shops in this post, by the way!) Tomorrow I’m hoping to make it to Orange Theory and maybee squeeze in a lunch date with Shaheen at Janiks! I also have my cousin Kate’s bachelorette party coming up on Saturday which I am so excited for! Anyway, we’re a little heavy on the outfit posts on the back half of this week–but you don’t mind, do you?! (Make sure to come back tomorrow for this week’s Capsule Wardrobe Remix post! It’s a good one you won’t want to miss!) Shaheen and I shot this earlier this week when we were out and about–how pretty is this front stoop? No, it’s not mine. And yes, I am a COMPLETE creep. We walked by and saw it and were like OMG THIS HOUSE. WE HAVE TO SHOOT HERE. Then we saw a car in the driveway and were afraid the owners were going to open the front door so we just kept whispering to each other and tried to shoot as fast as we could ? (Does anyone know the owners of this house? Can you tell them it’s my favorite one on the block? Hopefully they don’t mind.) The weird things I do for my job ? Okay, had to tell you that story. NOW we can talk about the clothes.  Well, specifically–let’s “kick off” (BA-DUM-PSHHHH. My sense of humor might be turning into a 45 year old dad’s?) with the booties.  If you’re looking for chic, classic, affordable and comfortable booties that you can wear day in and day out–with a littttllee bit of a heel so you can feel good wearing them at night but not toooo much of a heel where you can’t walk a mile around the city in them [whew that was a long description] THESE. My friend. Are them. They’re the Dolce Vita “Cassius” booties. (Also come in black!) And by the way, they’re on sale for up to 30% off! More details below…  I have loved Dolce Vita shoes for YEARS. Every pair I’ve owned has been so cute, really high quality as well as comfortable, and their prices are always really reasonable! (Under $200 for a quality pair of boots? Sign me uppp!) I also got these loafers that I’ll be sharing with you next week! Bloomingdales has quite a few really cute pairs of Dolce Vita shoes right now which you can shop right over on this page! I love Bloomies selection of both shoes and clothing–it’s always a really well-curated selection of items that are totally different than what you’d find anywhere else! So, the color of these booties is honestly is not what they look like online. Online they look a bit darker brown, but they’re actually really beautiful light tan/taupe/grey color which looks really nice against their wooden heel! Also, if you aren’t into the light color, this similar pair, also by Dolce Vita, is very similar and is a really pretty rich, darker chestnut! I’m a firm believer in the fact that booties are most flattering when they have a bit of a pointed toe (not like, anything extreme, but, just slightly). An “almond” toe, if you will. Why? Because a pointed toe elongates your leg–a rounded one makes your feet and legs look more stubby. Because they are, well, booties–they already naturally cut you off at the ankle–having a pointed toe helps to counter-balance that! Additionally, I also like that they’re cut a bit higher (slightly above the ankle) than normal booties because this means they hit at the thinnest part of the ankle–resulting in a more sleek, minimalistic, chic, look than say, a chunkier bootie that cuts you right at or below mid-ankle. They’re only $140, which is a great price to begin with–but that’s NOT including the fact that they’re currently on-sale! (Hooray!) Right now, you can snap ’em up for 20% off (which is $112 if I’ve done my math correctly…) These run true to size, FYI, so order what you’d usually wear in flats! So. Now that you’ve got the booties down, let’s talk about what to wear with ’em!   The answer is–honestly, everything. ? But today, I’m sharing one of my favorite combinations… When I saw this reversible plaid poncho from AQUA (that’s Bloomingdales own brand, it’s super affordable and their stuff is so. Darn. Cute. It’s one of my favorite parts of shopping at Bloomingdales!) It comes in 3 different color combinations–plaid on one side, striped on the other! I’m also obsessed with this blanket scarf that is a similar color and pattern! (You can shop all AQUA stuff right here! They have the cutest dresses, too!) You’re like “blah blah blah, beat a dead horse, Jess, I know you love Rag & Bone jeans and that you wear yours 5 times a week.” But really, they’re high-quality, super comfy, and really flattering! What else is there to love?! My other favorite pair are the J.Brand Maria jeans, which come in a ton of washes and are part of the 20%+ sale, too! Another staple I have worn over and over and overrrr for the last several years. Do you have that ONE item of clothing that you just can’t wait to pull out each fall? The striped turtleneck is probably my #1! It’s so great for layering!       Thanks to Bloomingdales (a retailer I love and shop at often!) for sponsoring this post!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style Tagged With: ankle booties 
Jessi Afshin says  October 19, 2017 at 12:46 pm This is the cutest fall outfit! I looove those booties  -Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Caroline Williams says  October 19, 2017 at 5:54 pm Love this post! I really think you’d like Uniqlo jeans – you should try them  I am obsessed! Also, where is that bag from?! I’ve been on the hunt for a new every day tote bag. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Booties Heels, Green Coats, Wedge Black Shoes, Printed Sweaters and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 18, 2018   Abercrombie top (TTS!) also love their other classic silk camisoles that are SUCH a steal! This scalloped version and this cowl neck version by Topshop are also really cute and affordable! Everlane Kick Crop Jeans (size down if in between! Come in other washes too!) Marc Fisher Espadrilles–TTS (run smaller than other Marc Fisher sandals)–more similar styles here! | J.Crew Jean Jacket–TTS–go up if you want it a little looser. Also love Madewell’s | Madewell bag (sold out) but I love their circle version! Earrings: from a local boutique but nearly identical here and $25!  Happy happy Friday, guys! How was your week? I’m so excited for this weekend–between the weeks of running around like crazy, traveling, and having my mom visit, we’re excited to have NO PLANS aside from Zain’s first birthday party on Sunday! (We’re so excited! I can’t believe how fast time flies. Remember when I met him for the first time?! Wasn’t that like yesterday?! ?) Neal and I haven’t had a weekend to hang out just the two of us in forever and we’re planning on catching up and, you know, actually hanging out with each other on Friday and Saturday. What are your plans this weekend? Today I’m talking about–wait for it–another favorite Abercrombie find ?–this top–and it’s only $22! (Side note: a few of you have asked me if Abercrombie pays me. Hahah THEY DON’T! They never have! I just really love the brand and that it’s making such a comeback! It’s basically Madewell for half the price! Abercrombie, if you’re listening, feel FREE to hire me to continue to promote your brand ?) In all seriousness, you first saw me wear this top in this post, when we went to Flora Farms in Cabo. Here, I also happened to wear it out to dinner in San Francisco. We snapped these photos when we were wandering through Nob Hill, an adorable charming neighborhood not too far from the hotel. We were hoping to snag an outdoor sidewalk table at Nob Hill Cafe but it was too packed. Bah! Oh well, next time! (By the way, you can see my SF guide here!) I DIGRESS. Back to this top. (By the way who remembers LEMME BORROW THAT TOP aka one of the OG viral videos?) ? I love it because of A. The color (it comes in a gorgeous dusty cornflower blue as well)–I love the dusty rose. B. The material–the fact that its satiny (is it real satin? I don’t know. But it’s satinY) makes it feel fancy which adds a fun element of juxtaposition when you wear it with a casual outfit, and it makes it feel a little somethin’ special when you’re dressing it up! C. It’s a camisole, also known as my favorite type of versatile tank. And FINALLY… D. It’s peplum, and peplum is INSANELY flattering. Peplum is a specific design feature where a strip of fabric is gathered and sewn at the waistline of a top, jacket, or dress. It flares out at the bottom, creating a flattering waistline and emphasizes curves. If you want to do either of those things–peplum is your best friend! Peplum tops in particular are cute, versatile, and flattering. They’re a great item to add into your rotation that can be dressed up or dressed down, something ideal for date nights and vacations– I especially love versions that have ruffles at the bottom, like my cami that I’m wearing here! As you can maybe tell by now, I love a good peplum top, and if you have one, I’d be willing to bet there are lot’s of ways to wear it that you haven’t even thought of yet! One of my favorite pairings for this silk peplum cami has been with white these cropped jeans from Everlane (it would be cute with wide legged crops, too! I’ve been wanting to give this Everlane pair a try as well!) I paired it with super comfy chunky espadrilles for a playful flair that gives a little nod back to retro times, and of course–my latest favorite purchase–my trusty jean jacket. I’ve worn it with skinny jeans (these are my go-to pair–on sale for $39!!), and these cute cork heels for a date night–you can see how else I styled them in this post. They’re really comfortable as far as heels go! (Yes, they require a bit of break-in, but they’ll be your go-to’s for years!) I love it with high-waisted jean shorts (I promise I wear things other than Abercrombie)–I also have my eye on these not-too-short high-waisted cutoff Levi shorts. Top it off with white sneakers for a casual summer day exploring the city. In Mexico I wore this top with these linen pants (I wore pink, but it would be cute with any color!) and striped raffia sandals. It was the perfect outfit for vacation! Pair it with a denim jean skirt (I have and love this one! Size up!) and these espadrilles wedges that tie at the ankle!      Shop this post:      SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  May 18, 2018 at 6:30 am I love he touching detail on this top, it’s so unique1 looks perfect with that bag too. I love the shape, it’s darling! Happy Friday! xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Tori says  May 18, 2018 at 9:37 am I love peplum but I’m obnoxiously long waisted  
chi says  May 18, 2018 at 11:49 pm Nice
very good
Your content was good
Please also see my article and photos 
AMANDA B MAHONY says  May 21, 2018 at 6:59 am Jess! I love what you recommend, but I feel sad about Abercrombie’s labor practices, and therefore, do not shop there. I have an article here for you to read, in case you did not know about them, as they are pretty terrible. Thanks for all your awesome content. https://www.just-style.com/news/modern-slavery-uncovered-in-indias-garment-sector_id132719.aspx 
Bree says  May 25, 2018 at 9:26 pm This is perfect since I bought that top in BOTH colors! And I totally remember that video — my friend and I would watch the “Shoes” one by that same person all the time! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Sandals, White Gowns, Pink Bikinis, Floral Long Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 26, 2016     Capsule wardrobes are one of the buzziest things happening in the style world right now. I don’t have one per-say, but I do have several pieces I return to again and again, as do you–I’m sure! (Not to mention, in a Kon-Mari craze several months back I donated about 90% of my closet, so you could say, by default, I do have a capsule wardrobe at the moment.) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

At the turn of each season, there are a handful of pieces that I absolutely cannot wait to wear. Neutrals, autumn-inspired pops of color, plaids (obviously!), and fun textures are always what I gravitate toward–items that can make a boring outfit a whole lot more interesting. These ten are super special because they can be worn just about 100 different ways, and made to work for any occasion, day or night–desk to dinner.  SO, capsule wardrobe or not, I guarantee, you’ll be cycling through these 10 items on a weekly basis this fall. Letttt’s jump into them already, yes?   I absolutely love rust, wine, and burgundy hues for fall. It’s a really nice way to add a pop of color that can still pass as a neutral. (Who knew that was a thing?) Deep navy’s and greens are also a very close second. Sole Society has some especially cute booties in all types of colors–I just snagged these “Flynn” booties, which will be coming to you in an outfit post soon! Nordstrom, of course, has no shortage either.  Have you seen J.Crew’s Amsterdam collection. Hot damn I want one of EVERYTHING. (P.S. J.Crew is sold at Nordstrom now–Yippeeee free shipping!!) One that really stood out is this gorgeous toggle-clasped cape, which comes in navy as well as grey. Just too good.  Clearly necessary for ANY fall wardrobe, I am so looking forward to ALL. OF. THE. PLAID. I really love this scarf in particular–don’t get me wrong, I love my red and blue/green tartans as much as the next girl, but the subdued colors in this pattern in particular make this scarf a softer option for more feminine outfits.  UMMM these horse bit loafer mules (Cough. Gucci knockoffs) are perfect and also $89. (EIGHTY-NINE.) They also come in navy. *Adding to cart*   My mother always told me that beige was a terrible color on me–something only blondes could pull off. (Thanks, Mom!) As much as I love the classic, light-colored trenches, they never really did much for me color-wise. But the deeper, richer hue of this trench is flattering on all skin-tones, and doesn’t wash you out!  I mean–I had to put one on here. Are you really surprised? I can’t get enough of this black and white one with little parisian doodles all over it. (Be cuter, I dare you.)  This designer dupe is super chic, roomy, and will only set you back $50! YEP. Gimme that.  I’m not usually one for large, dangly earrings, but these art deco gems are something really special. I love the black and tan vibe they’ve got going on–which makes them easy to pair with any fall outfit and a very simple way to make a statement.  70’s have been THE decade for a couple seasons now, and this one is no different. If you haven’t purchased yourself a suede mini, girl–you are missing OUT! They are so much fun, make you feel like Charlie’s #1 angel, and they look great with heels and flats alike.  The most functional AND chic award goes to the black turtleneck! One of my favorite style icons is Jackie O–a woman who knew the true value of one of these bad boys. (This is one of my all-time favorite photos of her!) As much as Neal makes fun of me, I am a self proclaimed turtleneck addict. I mean, they just look so good with everything! If you’re only going to add ONE of these items to your capsule wardrobe, I mean, this should probably be it. (No, you won’t look like a mime. I promise. Wear it with that silk scarf above. I die.)    Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  September 26, 2016 at 6:15 am Love those colorful booties! 
Kira @ The Imperfectionist says  September 26, 2016 at 8:23 am TURTLENECK ADDICTS UNITE 
Hannah Roberts says  September 26, 2016 at 8:49 am I can’t even talk about my love of turtlenecks!! I just pushed “add to cart” on that trench because the color is so so perfect. Love 
Samantha Tananbaum says  September 26, 2016 at 9:03 am Love everything, but especially that skirt! Great roundup! xx
Sam 
Kristina Anderson says  September 26, 2016 at 11:03 am Ooo I love the toggle cape! I have that crossbody and love it!! Kristina does the Internets 
Britney says  September 26, 2016 at 9:23 pm Love this!! I put that same crossbody in my fall favorites wish list a few weeks ago in a blog post. I really need a black bag for fall too! I think it’s time to pull the trigger.  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Tops, Black Chokers, Red Blouses, Denim Jean Skirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 6, 2018   If you’ve been following my blog for ANY amount of time–you know my devotion to one classic pattern in particular. There is no other print near and dear to my heart as the stripe. The stripe is to me what plaid is to Kelly. (Should I do a#30DaysofStripes challenge!? ?) Stripes are so classic and instantly make any outfit more interesting–they are the perfect go-to for print mixing and go with just about everything. There isn’t a “genre” of style out there that stripes don’t perfectly integrate with! Today’s post is ALL about stripes, what to wear with them, and how to style stripes of any kind for different occasions. Even if you know how to style your stripes like a pro, I think you’ll love today’s post for some additional stripy outfit inspiration! Let’s nerd out a little, why not? The most classic type of stripe is the horizontal stripe–I think the most versatile striped garments are white with black stripes–they’re just the easiest to mix and match with everything else! Stripes can come in all different shapes and sizes and they all serve different purposes, for example: Breton stripes: The quintessential classic stripe is about 1/4th inch thick and alternates darker and lighter colors. If you’re going to own one striped item, something with Breton stripes is a great thing to own–breton stripes never go out of style and they’re easy to wear year-round! I would definitely recommend investing in a couple breton striped tees like this one and this one –these are my favorite! Color-blocked stripes: Where stripes will be thicker, bolder, and a mix of different complimenting colors (like this sweater and this sweater)–I love how color blocked stripes make a big statement. Since these are bold, you’ll want to pair them with something solid and neutral or if you do go with a print–a more subtle, micro-print is best. (When mixing prints, you always want to vary the scale!) Mini or micro stripes: The smaller and skinnier the stripe, the more versatile it’s going to be, simply because the print isn’t as loud. You can easily get away with pairing mini stripes with a bold print, like an animal print or polka dots. Vertical stripes: I prefer vertical stripes for things like button down tops and pants. They tend to be more slimming, whereas an ill-placed horizontal stripe (i.e. across the hips or bust in conjunction with the wrong neckline) can have a widening effect. Like I mentioned above, you can NEVER go wrong with a striped top! Striped tees are actually my #1 go-to especially for travel because they make any outfit look instantly more interesting, and stripes disguise dirt much better than a regular solid color (well, aside from, you know–black ?) Right now during winter, I can’t say I’m much into striped pants for everyday life. You know me–I steer toward the classic staples, and most pairs of striped pants are a bit louder or on the trendy side. (I can’t really say I’m on the Beetlejuice pants trend!) BUT if you work in an office that requires you to dress more on the business casual or professional side, pinstripe pants are a really cute option! J.Crew just came out with a pinstripe version of their easy pant and I think they will be a game-changer for my 9-5 business casual girls! I also like these wide leg pinstripe trousers! For vacation: I do think a cute white pant with blue pinstripes like this version from Madewell is adorable for vacation or warmer climates! I also love this jumpsuit version! It’s no secret that I love a good striped dress–from casual shifts to wrap dresses and maxi dresses, I think any dress looks cuter with stripes! Here are some of my current favorites:  Get the look:    Striped tees are often seen as a strictly casual wardrobe staple, but they don’t have to be! A shirt like this one is a nicer material (it’s a bit thicker and it’s cut looser, so it’s not as casual as a regular t-shirt!) so it can be easily dressed up with some ponte pants (or some comfy cropped trousers like these!) classic pumps, and a trench coat (I am OBSESSED with mine–it has a detachable hood and liner) for the office! P.S. this tote is the best office bag! It’s so pretty and polished and fits so much stuff!  Get the look:    I absolutely love a good mini skirt + OTK boot combo (my Lowlands are on sale here! Plus budget-friendly pair here–my friends rave about this pair!)–in this outfit, the stripes add a lot of interest because everything else is a solid color–it needs a little spicing up! Black and white stripes with brown hues like camel are such a rich color combo and look great on any skin tone!  Get this look:    This is a look that’s perfect for just about any casual occasion where you want to be comfortable but polished at the same time! Style your stripes with ponte leggings, knee-high boots, and a neck scarf! I love patterned neck scarves with stripes especially because they add just the right amount of complimentary contrast!  Get the look:    This is one of my FAVORITE hacks ever–if you have a sleeveless shift dress or shirt dress (mine is old but this one is similar in black!), you don’t have to put it away for the winter! Layer a form-fitting striped turtleneck underneath and make it into an adorable jumper! This has just the right amount of throwback to grade school and the seventies all at the same time ?  Get the look:    Using a striped tee as a base layer to add extra interest and pattern is a great way to snazz up a crisp button down. This is a great work outfit if you work in a more casual environment (I would’ve worn this to a client meeting at my ad agency!) or you could easily swap for work pants (I love this pair, this pair, and a wide legged cropped pair would totally work with this outfit!) if you work in a business casual environment!  Get the look:    Same base outfit, just a different outer layer and belt–how different does this look!? I love that a more edgy black leather jacket can add the perfect amount of contrast to a classic/preppy striped tee, while the pointed toe pumps add just the right amount of dressy polish to make it great for a night out. There are two main rules to consider when mixing prints: 1. Mix two prints with one “anchor color”–for example, both prints might contain the color black as a way to tie them together in a complimentary way. 2. Vary the scale of the prints–one smaller, busy print with a larger, bolder print always works very nicely! Shop camo + stripes:    This is definitely an old “street style younger Jess” look ?however, it’s a great example of how well stripes pair with camo! Remember my Juxtaposition Rule? It’s totally true here–camo is masculine and a little bit edgy, stripes are classic/preppy, and the two mix together perfectly. The scale rule comes into play here with the stripes being a small dainty print and the camo a bolder, larger print. As you can see, here I paired camo with vertical stripes, but it looks just as cute with horizontal stripes as well!  Here’s a combo you don’t always think of, but it TOTALLY works and is such a fun outfit combination. Stripes on stripes–why not! Why does it work here? Because (you guessed it!) the scale is varied–the scarf has giant bold stripes while the top has busier, smaller stripes. (I wish they still sold this scarf with pockets! It’s super old! This chunky striped camel and black scarf is super cute though!)    Get these looks:    Both print mixing rules come into play here, as you can see–both prints have black as their anchor color, while the plaids serve as the louder, bolder print, and the stripes serve as the smaller, daintier print! I think stripes and plaid are a match made in heaven–as long as you follow one or both of my print mixing rules–you’ll never get it wrong!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Style 101  
Melissa says  November 6, 2018 at 8:03 am I love stripes!  I could do #30daysofstripes with no repeating.   I may have a problem…? 
Kimber says  November 6, 2018 at 9:00 am Do the #30daysofstripes, id love to see that! I love stripes, great post! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Ripped Skinny Jeans, Wedge Pumps Shoes, Modest Dresses, Sundresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 12, 2016  Helloooo from Grand Rapids, Michigan! I’m here tagging along with Neal on a work trip–trading my typical kitchen-table-office at home for some new coffee shops! How’s your week going so far? (Can you believe we’re almost halfway through October? What is going on?)




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

If you’re like me, your obsession with turtlenecks is in full swing. What’s more comforting than pulling on a soft, cozy turtleneck when the temperatures cool down? (Nothing!) Today I’ve rounded up 12 of my favorites (many of them under $100!) in case you also share my obsession and are looking to add a few more to your arsenal. Click below to shop them all!  Feminine Illusion Oversized & Cozy Olive Sleeveless, High-Low Split Back (Comes in 4 colors!) Black & White Stripe Classic Black Fringe Poncho Turtleneck Tunic Open Back Sweater Cashmere (Comes in tons of colors!) Blush Funnel Neck Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Diana Pearl says  October 12, 2016 at 9:27 am Love all of these — especially the split back one! So cute. x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Taylor Martin says  October 12, 2016 at 11:29 am My 15 year old self would be so judgmental of my love for turtlenecks, hah.. But they’re so comfy! I just picked up another new one from Madewell & it’s reversible.. meaning the turtleneck part can button off. It’s truly a genius idea and comes in so many colors. Enjoy GR for the week! 
Kira @ The Imperfectionist says  October 12, 2016 at 1:33 pm Girl turtlenecks are my JAM. I swear, I came out of the womb wearing one  
Love Always, Audrey says  October 13, 2016 at 3:23 pm Love these sweaters! Also, your new blog design is gorgeous! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Booties Shoes, Silver Sandals, Platform Black Heels, Heeled Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 28, 2017   See original outfit post here Happy Wednesday! How is your week going so far!? Mine has been busy! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Yesterday I also had a productive day shooting a lot of cute projects with Cassandra, so that was a big win, and I’m so excited for today for a few reasons: 1. Blair is coming over for a work date (we haven’t seen each other in awhile, it’s been too long! Okay it’s actually been like two weeks but it feels like forever :-P) Shaheen is also going to walk over with baby Zain and I can’t wait to see them both! 2. It’s cleaning lady day! HOORAY!!! I knew I was opening up Pandora’s box when I first hired a cleaning crew and now I can’t stand to go more than three weeks without them. (How did I do it before??) 3. We’re hosting our VERY FIRST Blogging For Keeps meet up tonight at Frontier! If you’re a blogger (or thinking about starting a blog) and haven’t joined our private BFK BFF’s Facebook group yet, make sure to do so! The details are listed in there if you want to pop by! Anyway, let’s get on to today’s post! I often get questions on the dainty gold jewelry that I wear day in and day out, so I thought I’d do a post on my 5 most worn dainty gold jewelry pieces! All of these items also make amazing gifts and are relatively affordable, too! (Always great to have in your back pocket, you know?)  See original outfit post here   I swear not a day goes by where I don’t hear the question: “Where is your gold initial necklace from?!” I wear it every day and never take it off! It was a birthday present from Neal (I think the first one he ever gave me, actually!) The way he surprised me with it was so cute. We were at a wedding and I was getting ready in the bathroom and was wondering what necklace to wear with my dress. He walked up behind me and pulled this out of his pocket and put it on! (This guy, he gets all the romance points.) It’s made by Helen Ficalora but they sell a really similar version from Nordstrom that I typically link to on the blog because it’s half the price! It comes in gold and rose gold! Nashelle also makes a really pretty similar version!  See original outfit post here   I also love my Dana Rebecca bar diamond pendant necklace, which was a gift from my friend Courtney to all of her bridesmaids. (Seriously how nice of a bridesmaid gift?!) It’s the perfect necklace to layer and I think it’s a really good length–it’s not too short but it’s not too long either. It also comes in several colors–there are also earrings that match! Have you heard of Vo Jewelry? She’s a Chicago based designer and her jewelry is just as lovely as her personality! I met her during a shoot last year and fell in love with her dainty gold designs–especially this gold mini letter necklace (which was seriously made for layering!)–it’s only–wait for it–$40!  See original outfit post here 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   You’ve likely seen this bracelet in just about EVERY photo lately on the blog, because it looks pretty with everything! I love that it looks just as nice by itself as it does layered in a stack. Monica Vinader is a British designer who makes the most beautiful classic yet contemporary pieces at several different price points. I think these bracelets make really great gifts, too! Another one you see quite often, is my little gold bead bracelet from Busywrist! You’ve heard me talk about my friend Meg pretty often (her blog is so cute!) She’s also a small local designer and runs a jewelry company called Busywrist! Her designs are so much fun, but the best part is that this bracelet is only $44!  Filed Under: Outfits, Shop, Style  
Diana Pearl says  June 28, 2017 at 12:33 pm I’m originally from Chicago and am coming home for the Fourth — so bummed I’m missing the HH by just a few days! I love dainty gold jewelry, I have a rose gold initial ring I wear every day but that’s pretty much it! I need to add a few more pieces to my collection. x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Natalie Rose Hilvert says  July 3, 2017 at 12:43 pm That story about Neal surprising you with the necklace is the cutest thing I’ve ever heard. 
Bullion Gold says  September 28, 2017 at 4:47 pm well-written post I personally like it. Cuban Link Chains Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pj Sets, Blue Shoes Flats, Black Leggings, Red Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 8, 2018   Top: Abercrombie (it also comes in the PRETTIEST dusty blue color!) Runs TTS. If you’re looking for more basic camis, I love these too! So many of you have DMed me thanking me for turning you onto the Abercrombie camisoles ? | Linen pants: Also from Abercrombie ? (my friends were like WHAT IS HAPPENING?! Abercrombie is cool again!) they are SO comfortable and come in tons of colors. They’re oversized and do run big–size down! Leia is going to buy a couple pairs for Africa! Sandals: Splendid. They are SO comfortable, which I was really surprised by, but Splendid is my favorite shoe brand because all their shoes are insanely comfortable and never rub! | Earrings: Baublebar–these also come in lot’s of colors! | Bag: AMAZON! Haha! It’s so cheap and so cute. (I mean, you also get what you pay for. Not the quality of a $200 bag, but for a vacation purse, it’s everything you want!) | Sunnies: Ray Ban (these are the 53mm, they also come in a smaller 50mm size, which Leia is wearing here!) I’ve been to Cabo twice in the past year, and one of the biggest highlights of both trips has been our visit to Flora Farms. It’s a completely sustainable farm and restaurant that is one of the prettiest places you’ve ever seen! The first time we went, I didn’t really take any photos because it was dark. Plus we were on our honeymoon so I wanted to be more in the moment and not behind my camera lens.  This past time, I went with my girlfriends and we arrived early to do a farm tour before our dinner reservation and do a little shopping (which I would highly recommend!). I brought my camera along for full documentation so you could come along with us. ? I know you will love it as much as I do!  First, introductions. You have to meet my friends, Michal, Leia, and Courtney! We were all college roommates in our sorority (Tridelt) at Indiana University. The four of us shared a room the size of a small shoe box–literally not kidding. I think it was MAYBE 6′ x 6′. Michal and Leia live in San Francisco, and Courtney and I live in Chicago. So it was just as much of a reunion (the band is back together!!) as it was a celebration. I’d also bet money on the fact that my friends and I miggghhhtt be the biggest group of weirdos you’ve ever met. ?  Dress is Carolina K (can’t find it online, but I’m linking a bunch of cute alternatives above!) Sandals by Soludos (run small). Sunnies are Ray Ban Aviators. On Leia: Paige Denim jumpsuit (old, but similar here and here) her purse was bought in a store in Berlin and her scarf is from India. (Of course. Be cooler, Leia.) Her sunnies are Ray Ban (they’re the 50mm version, which are a bit smaller than my 53mm version!) The reason we were in Cabo, for her 30th birthday! Her name is pronounced like “Michelle”–Michal is the Israeli way to spell it, which I love, but everyone misreads and calls her Michael, which is even better, because her last name is Strange. Michael Strange, what a name for a tall, loud, absurd “red head.”  Fun fact: Nobody ever considered her to be a red head until we were all at a party on college and some guy was like, “where is your red-headed friend?” We all fell on the ground laughing because we were so confused.  It’s basically the “blue or white dress” debacle. Is she a redhead or a brunette? People are very divided on the issue. Regardless, she is one of my best, best friends. To us, she’s just “Strange” in more ways than one. She’s the girl who would go on a run while on a bachelorette party in Vegas, she’s been known to eat a whole jar of peanut butter in one sitting, and we both share a love of “The Ping Pong song” by Enrique Iglesias.  Hands down, my most interesting friend–Leia is the one you can always count on to say “yes” regardless of how hilarious or absurd your idea. Exhibit A–she did not even hesitate at the idea of “upside down margaritas” at the Giggling Marlin which involves hanging by your ankles from the ceiling. We could always count on her to teach us Chinese vocabulary at the Tridelt dinner table, she’s been to more countries than I can count (including North Korea) and recently climbed Mt Kilimanjaro (casual?) She’s moving to Botswana this summer to work in the Peace Corps for the next two years helping with HIV/Aids initiatives. She and Strange also made up an imaginary best friend named “Sharon” who is the scapegoat of everything that goes wrong in their lives.  Also known as my roommate for three straight years and everyone’s most entertaining friend, the only other person who *maybe* gave me a run for my money in the messy roommate department. She’s the best friend who will go to the end of the earth for you, has seen more lifetime movies than anyone I’ve ever met (in college she counted down the days to “The Pregnancy Pact” premiere) and she was always a fellow instigator of late night Taco Bell and Wendy’s runs (which happened almost nightly in college. No wonder I gained the freshman 20 ?). She’s known for spinning elaborate tales to uber drivers, recently convincing an unsuspecting soul that she was raised Amish (which is admittedly, probably not as funny if you don’t know Courtney’s personality) and that she struck it rich by starting the popular website, AmishGoodsForYou.com. (Which does not exist ?) She also recently found out she got a big promotion the Friday of our trip and is totally kicking ass in her sales career–so proud of her.  Amanda Uprichard Jumpsuit from Shopbop (almost sold out but comes in lot’s of colors!) this one is almost identical and this one is also similar! I’m obsessed with this Madewell version with the ruffle! If a white jumpsuit is too much for you, consider a striped version instead! Rebecca Minkoff studded sandals (old, but these and  these from Sam Edelman are similar–I also love these!) Gucci Disco bag (her name is “Julia Gulia” for reasons I do not know ?) and Krewe sunglasses (expensive, but these dupes are only $15!!) This was a big mystery to me the first time I went–was it casual? Was it fancy? Trendy? Do I wear heels? My answer to that would be “vacation casual”–there’s definitely no dress code, everyone there is super nice and welcoming! I’d say a cute outfit with cute flats is perfect. Which she bought for her honeymoon in Italy. It’s the perfect “in-between” outfit when you aren’t sure what to wear, because it can easily be dressed up with heels, but can also be dressed down with flats. She wore it here with some studded cage sandals for some added edge! She bought it in person and we can’t find it online anywhere (wah!) but I’m rounding up some similar favorites that would be perfect for the occasion above! She paired with with some easy Soludos–which make some of my favorite sandals–they’re really comfy and polished at the same time! Hers is sold out, but similar here and here! She paired it with some neutral comfy sandals like these ones! Which were not designed to go together but I loved the monochromatic look as well as the contrasting textures of the satin mixed with the linen! I brought along what I now call my “cheap vacation bag” – which is $20 from Amazon–I got it for my honeymoon and it’s now my favorite to bring on all my vacations because it’s beachy and I don’t really care if it gets damaged since it’s only $20 ? I also wore my fun striped slides which add another textural element and a bit of pattern to keep things interesting! The farm is located in San Jose Del Cabo, so it’s a very quick cab from your resort if you’re staying in the area. If you’ll be in Cabo San Lucas, it’s a bit more of a hike, but totally worth it. You can ask your hotel to arrange a shuttle for you, or you can also take a cab. It’s expensive, but worth it, and not bad especially if you’re going with friends who can split it with you. I think our shuttle cost around $100 from downtown San Lucas, but split four ways, it’s totally reasonable! The farm is SO beautiful and you won’t be able to really take it all in if you arrive after dark! This is probably the #1 tip I would recommend to those visiting Flora Farms and San Jose Del Cabo–yes, it’s fun after dark too, but you won’t get nearly as much out of it if you aren’t able to see all the natural beauty of the farm! I’d recommend arriving at least an hour (an hour and a half is probably even better!) ahead of your reservation. If you’re typically a late diner, consider making your reservation at sunset or before. On that note, reservations are HIGHLY recommended, the sooner you make them, the better. You can make Flora Farms Reservations right here on their website. They offer free guided farm tours where you can get a behind the scenes look at the farm and get access to places that the public aren’t able to go, like their dreamy event space where people get married! (I would TOTALLY get married at Flora Farms, haha!) You can schedule a free Flora Farms Guided tour here. The have a wine bar and coffee shop that is separate from the main bar/restaurant area. It’s super cute inside and their wine is great! I’d highly recommend grabbing a glass and then walking around with it while you browse the adorable shops. Speaking of shops, there are a handful of expertly curated shops right at the entrance! They stock everything from home goods, apothecary goods (we all fell in love with one of their perfumes and all went home with one!), clothing, locally handmade gifts, and more! Next time I go, I really want to take a cooking class here during the day or maybe even a painting class! How amazing would that be!? They also have outposts in town in Cabo San Lucas and San Jose Del Cabo, which I haven’t been to, but I’m sure are also amazing–if you don’t have time to make it out to the farm but want to experience a little piece of it!        A duck takes a break from his dip in the farm’s pond, out behind the restaurant    Left: Courtney and Leia sipping cocktails at one of the farm’s many adorable lounging spots Right: Me standing in front of the gates that lead to the private on-site cottages.         Left: An old truck that sits near the pond! Right: Setting up for dinner service at one of the picnic tables out back    Well, this accurately captures both personalities ? Sharon is such a great photographer.     Left: Plenty of seating available for pre-dinner cocktails. They even have an ice cream stand set up here! Right: In front of the picturesque floral photo backdrop!   The cutest baskets–one of which is overflowing with pricey but adorable bikinis.   I mean ??     More Mexico-Inspired Reading: My Packing List for Mexico and Behind The Scenes Recap of our Girls Trip  SaveSave SaveSave Filed Under: Mexico, Outfits, Style, Travel  
Allie says  May 8, 2018 at 7:04 am You guys look stunning! And, like you had so much fun. The food and the scenery are gorgeous. I think I need to move Cabo to the top of ,y travel bucket list!
xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Taylor M says  May 8, 2018 at 8:07 am Such a cute post! Made me miss my college girlfriends like crazy!  Love the combo of the pink cami and pants together, comfy but chic!  – Taylor 
Saba Sahmoedini says  May 8, 2018 at 1:54 pm Absolutely lovee this post and all your outfits (and all that delta love)!!! Flora Farms is one of my fav places to visit when going to Cabo and after seeing this post I know I need to go back ASAP!
DL,
Saba […] fun agenda this weekend–my best friend Michal from San Francisco is in town (remember her from my Cabo Girls Trip?) so we’re doing a big dinner on Friday night, then heading up to the lake on Saturday (because […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Heeled Sandals, Black Gowns, Straw Bags, Off White Pumps and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 26, 2018   Outfit #1–Coat: Bonobos Top coat c/o (comes in other colors, too, but runs big!) Pants: Italian Brushed 5 Pocket Pant c/o Sweater: Wool blend raglan crewneck c/o (also comes in navy!) Outfit #2– Coat: Bonobos car coat c/o Pants: Bonobos Travel Jeans, Shirt: Bonobos button down  **See notes below for Bonobos sizing details**  Happy Cyber Monday, everyone! Neal here! Jess says you all have loved our Gift Guide for Guys (Thanks!) but that you are still eager for more gift ideas for the men in your life. I’m happy to say–”ask, and you shall receive!” Today’s post is in collaboration with Bonobos–which happens to be my favorite online retailer (they’re offering 35% off EVERYTHING today with Code MONDAY.) I’ve been wearing Bonobos since they only sold a handful of items and they were a tiny brand that nobody had heard of. They’ve grown exponentially since then. And I’m still just as big of a fan now as I was back in the day. I’m really excited to introduce you to some items that are about to become your boyfriend’s/husband’s/brother’s/dad’s/father in law’s/brother in law’s new favorite wardrobe staples. As an “Instagram husband,” if you will, I can’t say that Jess receives a lot of collaborations that make me jump up and down, but when she texted me, “BONOBOS WANTS TO WORK WITH US!!” you could say there was a bit of jumping involved. (First Basil Haydens, now Bonobos? I can get used to this.) 1. They have tons of different cuts and fits for every guys’ body type. Having an athletic build, sometimes it’s hard to find shirts that fit my waist without being too tight in my arms. Or fit my thighs while being slim cut in the leg. 2. They have a fit for everyone (four different pant fits, tons of sizes and lengths) and it is consistent. You find your perfect size and that will be, without fail, the same size in every Bonobos item you order. 3. Their shipping is fast, free, and includes a return label, so if something doesn’t work. You can send it back without hassle. The company has truly eliminated every pain point a guy can have with online shopping. 4. You can find basic staples in contemporary cuts that will last forever, or pieces that are playful and fun to really add some spice to your wardrobe. They are my go-to in both camps, and you’re going to get a little bit of both in this post as well! (In fact, half of the stuff you see in this post I bought with my own money. I’d just happened to place a Bonobos order the week before we got the request to collaborate with them. ?We were like “what the heck? Let’s shoot that stuff too!”) (Really, I’m a very long-winded storyteller. Ask Kelly’s dad. That’s a story for another day.) Jess’ note: One time Neal took SO incredibly long to tell a story that Kelly’s dad fell asleep in his chair. That’s the short version. ?) Let’s jump into these outfits already. (Are you even still reading?) Sizing notes: Jess always makes sure to include notes about fit, so here goes: Bonobos items typically always run true to size in my experience. Everyone’s fit will be different, but personally, I wear slim fit, size medium in tops across the board, and slim fit, 30/32 in pants. These are my standard sizes, so if he sticks with his normal size, he should be good! (The slim fit isn’t so slim that a stockier guy won’t be able to wear them, like happens to me in other brands.) The only thing that does not run true to size is the topcoat, which runs large.    Top coat: This is certainly an investment piece–but it will last a lifetime. I get a lot of my more formal items (suits, jackets, coats, etc) custom-made, and as far as an item like this goes, it is absolutely on-par quality and style wise with a custom-made item. It’s made of high-quality Italian fabric that you would find at a bespoke shop. It’s a beautiful piece that is worth every penny and will make a truly special gift. It’s almost $250 off today–which is a heck of a steal. Italian Brushed 5 Pocket Pants: Bonobos makes some of the most versatile pants your guy will ever own, and these are no exception. They’re really soft and comfortable but they look professional enough for an office setting, but they’re great for after work, too. They’re the ideal party pant, I wore these on Thanksgiving! Crewneck sweater: I’m wearing this sweater without any undershirt, that’s how you know it’s soft–not remotely itchy. It’s great because it’s lightweight so when you walk into a house full of 100 relatives carrying your mom’s giant bag of groceries you won’t die of a heat stroke.       Car coat: This is the steal of the century and a slam dunk present–I can’t believe it’s under $400. Sadly the print I’m wearing sold out like hot cakes but it’s still available in lot’s of other colors. It’s one of the few coats that can be dressed up or down. And looks great with jeans and awesome over a suit or jacket. It’s the perfect go-to holiday layering coat. It’s not crazy thick or bulky, but it’s warm. You can save well over $100 with the sale, so it comes out to about $260–which is a great deal for something of such high quality. Travel jeans: These are an ideal mix up when you’re sick of wearing jeans but you want something comfortable and casual. Get these in a cool color as a subtle way to make your outfit a lot more interesting. I live in these especially in the winter and have them in several colors! Printed button down: I smiled when I ordered this because I knew Jess would get a kick out of it. We’ve been meaning to text Blair a photo. Blair, Rob also needs this shirt! Get it? The Fox and She? If foxes aren’t his thing, this casual button down shirt comes in about a billion other prints, and in true Bonobos fashion–lot’s of different cuts so you can make sure to find one that fits him right! (I own about 10 of these in different colors!)  
 This post is sponsored by Neal’s favorite guys’ brand, Bonobos. Total dream collab. Thanks for supporting the brands that keep GG going strong–all opinions are, obviously, as always–our own ? Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Wedge Sandals, Printed Blouses, Platform Pumps Shoes, White Tank Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 20, 2015   Come find me over on The Everygirl today–I’m showing you how to style one adorable romper, 3 ways, just in time for Memorial Day weekend! Here’s just a little sneak peak. Trust me, you’ll definitely want to pack at least one one-piece in that weekender bag! I had so much fun shooting these looks last week with Emelia Jane Photography!  Plus, don’t forget about tonight’s event at J.Crew at 900 N Michigan Avenue! Kelly and I will be there from 6-8pm. You can get an exclusive up close look at their new arrivals, plus the first 10 people to arrive will receive a $20 gift card! Hope to see you tonight! Have a great Wednesday! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Sandals, Black And Gold Jewelry, Embroidered, Mini Satchels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 25, 2018  We’re back with another Style 101 post! (It’s been quite the hiatus, because these posts take quite a bit of time to write and I haven’t exactly had a lot of that lately–damn you summer schedule! ?)  If you’re new to the blog, Style 101 is a style advice column where I break down simple rules of getting dressed to help you find more inspiration and build a wardrobe that makes you love getting dressed every morning!  Today, I’m sharing a rule I’ve touched on briefly on the blog before in various posts, but it’s such a great rule that it’s finally getting the spotlight it deserves. I call it the “Juxtaposition rule” or “Juxtaposition trick.”  It’s probably one of the most effective styling tricks you’ll ever learn, and it will totally transform how you put together your outfits. If you’re often stuck in a rut and never know how to piece together an interesting ensemble, this post is for you.  I honestly don’t know where I learned this, I think probably as a result of a LOT of trial and error over the years, slowly fine-tuning my personal style, but I decided to call this method “the juxtaposition rule.”  I’m sure there are plenty of people who call it other things, but the overall sentiment is the same across the board–it’s actually not a new idea–it’s a technique that all creatives have relied upon to create their works of art.  Essentially, it’s the idea of mixing together differing styles to result in a visually interesting outfit. The kind of outfit that you can’t quite put your finger on why you like it so much–it’s by no means loud or over the top (granted, you’re welcome to make it that way, if that’s your thing) but when I do this–it’s classic, but with a twist.  So, for example, you may have a very feminine floral blouse that you would normally pair with something like white skinny jeans and heels. This is a no-brainer, right? It’s cute, classic, and easy. Three feminine pieces. But for a more interesting twist, pairing it with a more masculine boyfriend jean and sneakers could be more visually compelling. Make sense? Now that you get the concept, here are my favorite examples of “the Juxtaposition rule” that you can adopt and make all your own!  This is one I gravitate toward very often, and like the rest of the formulas I’ll get into later on in this post–it always works. Like anything in life, your outfit should have variety. A little dash of this and a little splash of that will always result in an outfit that is interesting and stylish, even if you swear you’re completely incapable of putting together a good outfit.  All you need to do is take something feminine, and combine it with something masculine. What do I mean by that? Here are some examples:   Everlane Dress, Similar Bandana, Dana Rebecca Necklace, Madewell Tote This button down shirt is classic all on its own (giving me “Risky Business” vibes in a good way, no?) but it becomes more interesting when pairing it with a feminine element, like a scarf tied in your hair! You could also tie it around your neck, or pair it with your favorite heels for the same effect.  Old Madewell top (sold out in this striped color but still available in black!), Levi’s 501 jeans, Everlane Oxfords (their loafers are also to die for), similar bandana  Whenever I have an item that’s super girly, I love toning down the girly factor with something a bit more masculine–in this outfit, there are actually three items with a bit more masculinity– boyfriend jeans, oxfords, and a bandana!  JOA Dress (on sale for $72!) c/o Shopbop, Raffia Tote, Jack Purcell Sneakers I chose to style this dress with sneakers to give it more of a tomboy feel–it’s a no brainer to pair this with your favorite heeled sandals (it looks great with these cork Sam Edelman heels–they’re my favorite! Size 1/2 size down!) but a much more unexpected (and comfortable) combination is to pair this dress with crisp white sneakers. You’ll feel like an instant cool girl. You catch my drift yet? So, next time you’re putting together an outfit, start with your main staple piece and ask–is this feminine, or masculine? Pair it with an element or two that is the opposite, and you’ll have a completely different outfit than the one you reach for 9 times out of 10.  Two other styles that typically get put in a box are dressy and casual. You typically view most items in your closet as one or the other, right? But it doesn’t necessarily have to be that way. I find this particular combination works really well for work staples and allows you to be more creative in styling certain items outside of the office, too!  Just like what we went through above, you can take the same approach–here are some of my favorites:   J.Crew Button Down, Everlane Boyfriend Jeans, Similar Striped Tee (mine’s old), Sam Edelman Pumps  Those classic pumps you wear to the office? Try styling them with boyfriend jeans. A crisp white button down you always wear to meetings? It looks really cute layered over a striped tee! If you’re a classic J.Crew lover like me–you’re all over this outfit. If I still worked in advertising, I would 100% wear this in the office on a client meeting day.  Everlane striped sweater and Everlane Japanese Go-Weave Easy Pants–also come in black and navy! (both c/o), Gucci Loafers (but these dupes are on sale for $89!) Madewell Tote  This is another really great “transition” outfit framework. It’s polished enough for work, but you still feel really cute and put together wearing out outside of work, too! This combination shows you how you can dress up what you previously thought was just a “casual sweater” and make it perfect for the office.  Similar sweater blazer here and here (mine’s old, but the amazing J.Crew one is back in stock! I like that one better ?), Leith faux wrap sweater (on sale, but almost sold out–I’d highly recommend Everlane’s selection of sweaters as well if you’re in the market!) Another “dressy” office staple typically labeled as “for work only” is the blazer. Yes, of course, depending on the blazer, it can feel too business casual, but there are a lot of “middle of the road” blazers that can work for both. Look for something that isn’t “suit material” (too stuffy to wear with jeans)–pretty much everything else is fair game. To polish-up your outfits outside of the office, pair it with a sweater, cropped jeans, and booties! Are you seeing a pattern here? Most of these outfit combos could also fit in the “masculine vs. feminine” category, or the “polished and edgy category”–it really doesn’t matter what you call them–you just want to be able to get the hang of identifying what pieces can be juxtaposed together for an interesting result! I honestly never even considered this to be a real thing until becoming friends with Kelly. We often end up buying the same clothes but styling them completely different ways, so it’s always fun to compare! While she is classic preppy, I tend to combine my preppy pieces with more modern or minimalistic staples, and it works so well!   J.Crew Button Down, Everlane Kick Crop Jeans (size down if in between) c/o, Everlane Day Heels (TTS but go up a 1/2 size if you’re in between) c/o also okay they have a tiny heel so I guess they’re not “ballet flats” but…they suffice in this case ? Similar trench on sale (mine’s old!)  We both own this button-down from J.Crew and it’s one of our favorite wardrobe staples. The funny thing is that she styles it totally differently than me! She might wear it with dark skinny jeans and Tory Burch flats and look cute as a button, while I’d pair mine with something a bit more contrasting–like my Everlane raw-hem kick-crop jeans! For cooler days, this look looks amazing with a trench–this one is so classic, has a removable vest liner (which you can wear on its own too!) and it’s $112!  Camel sweater, similar leather leggings (on sale!) similar cap-toe flats, LV Speedy 25 bag (got mine off eBay years ago!) Another combination you’d normally just put into the “preppy” category–a camel crewneck sweater and cap-toe flats. It’s a combination that feels very Jackie to me–and I love it–but throw leather leggings into the mix, and it takes on a whole new, modern feel!  Madewell white skinnies, BlankNYC jacket, Sam Edelman slides, Similar striped tee, Ray Bans  When I showed up wearing these, Kelly laughed “THOSE ARE SO PREPPY!!!” and I was like, “really!? ?” She actually also owns this whole outfit–white skinnies, striped tee–the only difference here is that I styled it with a moto jacket for a modern, edgier twist! (Could this go into the polished and edgy category too? Of course!) This is also a really easy combination to try out that will make you look instantly stylish! It’s very similar to the masculine and feminine rule–I like this combination because sometimes too many polished staples can come off as being too boring, one-note, or stuffy, but when you bring in an edgier element, it really creates a nice balance.  Sam Edelman Dress, BlankNYC jacket, Similar booties  This pretty midi dress is currently on-sale (fully stocked in all sizes!) and it’s the perfect dress for any occasion–even conservative enough for the office! To give it a bit more interest for a night out with friends or a date, I paired with an edgier moto jacket and a pair of booties, which gives it a completely different feel!  Amanda Uprichard Top c/o Shopbop, Topshop shorts (this wash is old), Steve Madden sandals  I love how sweet and this bow top is, and the edgy cutoff jean shorts are a perfect foil! Read the full blog post on how I like to style jean shorts here!  Similar slipdress, similar jacket, Steve Madden Carrson heels You see this combination again with a polished slipdress paired with a leather jacket that has JUST the right amount of edge to contrast the sweetness of the dress.  Barbour Beadnell coat (quilted version is sold out everywhere right now, but will be back for fall–there are a few similar styles on sale right now at Nordstrom though!)  Similar sweater, Levi’s jeans (old, similar here, and here), Jack Purcell sneakers.   Finally, a Barbour Beadnell jacket is just about as polished and classic as one can get. Had I worn regular dark skinny jeans here, it would’ve been a very classic look all around, but ripped jeans were a much better choice to give the outfit a lot more interest and prevent it from feeling overly preppy.  Filed Under: Style, Style 101  
Kimber says  July 25, 2018 at 8:46 am This post is so fun!! Love the easy way (and photos) you used to explain it. I’m excited to try mixing it up a bit more. Your posts are always so fun & informative  
Allie says  July 25, 2018 at 9:00 am What a great rule of thumb. I’m always looking for that little something extra to make sure my outfits don’t go too preppy or too feminine and this is that something. Thanks! I’ll be sure to think this in my head next time I go shopping. xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Lauren says  July 25, 2018 at 9:17 am I love this! I’m trying a shopping ban so since I’m not buying new pieces, I’m looking for new ways to style the pieces I have. This rule of thumb will definitely help me do that! 
Olga says  July 25, 2018 at 10:40 am You have the best style! I feel like I always gravitate towards the obvious, so this is really helpful! Love the idea of mixing masculine with feminine pieces. Olga
http://www.littlethingsolga.com 
Gentry Adams says  July 25, 2018 at 12:35 pm GREAT tips!! My style is 100% girly but I love the thought of mixing it up!! Thanks for all the great tutorials! 
Noella says  July 26, 2018 at 3:26 am Ahh I love all of your outfits!
 I have such a hard time putting an outfit together. I always feel like I have to pick a style and stick to it from head to toe but  but I’ll have to try mix different styles together! This will definitely help me get dressed in the morning. Thanks for sharing!  
Alyssa Gonzalez says  July 28, 2018 at 3:49 am Great post! That dress is so gorgeous on you, and i love the vintage flirt details of the dress. Gorgeous! 
Keishlyann Marcano says  July 30, 2018 at 4:59 am that product looks so amazing! definitely want to try it out! https://www.onfashionshop.com/ 
Mackenzie says  January 25, 2019 at 8:18 pm I love the styling tips with the outfits!! This is incredibly helpful. I never knew how to do the tuck either so glad you showed that on your story. Thank you!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Platform Shoes, Blue Mini Bags, Blue Cocktail Dresses, Tassel Earrings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 17, 2014  Skirt: Zara, Shirt: J.Crew, Booties: Zara (similar and great for spring here), Necklace: J.Crew (below) This past Friday was the warmest weather Chicago has seen in months! I celebrated by putting aside my tights and puffy coat and pulling on my new pastel faux leather skirt from Zara. The powder blue hue instantly put a spring in my step. Leather skirts in cheery colors are the perfect transition piece, especially for Chicago’s crazy weather! Crossing my fingers that the Polar Vortex is finally on it’s way out.        Shop Spring Leather  Filed Under: Style  
Ali Bronska says  March 18, 2014 at 2:09 pm Could you be any cuter!? Love the pastels and those booties! xo 
Manda T. says  March 18, 2014 at 4:08 pm We had some great weather down in Atlanta finally as well. love this blue look! xo, Manda 
jess keys says  March 24, 2014 at 7:45 pm Thanks Manda! I hope the weather has stayed nice in Atlanta, it was back to snowing in Chicago this weekend! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Stuart Weitzman Pumps, Navy Blue Blouses Tops, White Sheath Dresses, Tan Wedge Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 7, 2015   Father’s Day is one of those holidays that always seems to sneak up on us, isn’t it? This year, instead of the cheesy card and the package of golf balls, get your dad something he’ll actually think is really sweet. Whether it’s a gift for your own dad, husband, father of five or a father to-be, here are some of my favorite gifts that will please any dad. (And some awesome new websites you’ll want to bookmark when it comes to shopping for the guy in your life!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  The perfect gift for the dad who is always glued to his iPhone! Head to Casetify.com to make an awesome, customized phone case. What dad wouldn’t want a snazzy phone case with adorable photos of his family on it? Finally throw out the dad jeans and golf polos. The gift of great style is priceless! Trunk club will pull together a trunk full of hand selected items and ship it right to Dad’s house. He can try on the clothes, keep the ones he wants, and send the rest back! Plus, if you’re local here in Chicago, you can take Dad into their headquarters–where he can get styled while sipping on an aged whiskey cocktail or a brew while he lounges on a luxurious leather sofa. (I’ve been there, it’s freaking awesome.) For the times dad has to take the kiddo solo, he’s going to need some supplies. Don’t make him carry around your girly diaper bag–get him this camo print dad-tastic version from DadGifts.com instead! It has lot’s of pockets, a changing pad, and will make him feel like the coolest dad on the block. And yes, you read that website correctly. DadGifts.com is a website full of tons of amazing dadderific gift options for any guy. If you only head to one place after reading this article, go there! Plus, get 15% off with code DADSDAY15. For the dad who appreciates a a little humor (actually, a LOT of humor) Cards Against Humanity might just be the best gift you’ll ever give him. A word to the wise: this gift option is best for dads with older kids. The cards can get a little racy. Although, they do make family game night WAY more spicy. For the dad who needs a little more organization in his life, this two in one wallet and phone case is classic, sleek, and you can even monogram it with his initials! The perfect little portable grill for a tailgate or picnic, Dad will be looking for every excuse to pull out this grill disguised as a briefcase. Dads are known for loving electronic devices. And this portable speaker won’t disappoint. Now he can bring his tunes everywhere he goes! What guy doesn’t need a nice dopp kit? And one that reminds your husband what a handsome, strapping fellow he is? Even better. Not your average parenting book. This one, also from DadGifts.com, has some major sarcastic sass. It’s a very cheeky poke at the challenges of modern parenting, highlighting the different archetypes of traumatizing parents, and how to traumatize your children with skill (haha!) You can chose to be a Controller, a Pusher, a Narcissist, an Indulger, a Best Friend, a Self-Esteem Killer or a Neglector. The perfect gift for a dad with young kids (and plenty of upcoming years to put said traumatizing skills to good use.) Check out their selection of other funny advice books, too! (Remember, you can get get 15% off with code DADSDAY15!) Where are your favorite places to shop for Father’s Day gifts?  Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Turtleneck Sweaters, Black Blouses, Short Sleeve Dresses, Stuart Weitzman Pumps and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 27, 2015   Dress: c/o Vineyard Vines (40% off!) // Shoes: old but similar here (I also LOVE these!)// Sunnies: c/o Aerie // Bracelets: J.Crew and Busywrist Happy Monday! What did you do this weekend?




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Ours was filled with running errands (more on that later!) and getting together with friends! We hung out on Kit’s amazing rooftop on Friday afternoon, and I finally got to see Mitch & Kelly’s new place!) It’s seriously so cute. You have to keep up with their new house on her new home site, Little Home In The City. On Saturday we hit up Randolph Street Market (which is absolutely amazing–if you haven’t been yet, you need to put it on your calendar) and then we stopped by our favorite bar, The Ogden, for wings and a few beers to celebrate all of our great vintage finds. Now, something to make your Monday morning a little bit sweeter: this ocean-inspired dress is 40% off right now during the Nordstrom sale! It’s one of my go-to dresses this summer. Because it’s a casual cotton material, it’s easy to dress down with flats and a jean jacket, or dress up for an occasion like a rehearsal dinner or even a casual wedding with a pair of heels! 
     Shop this post:    Photos by Blair  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristina Anderson says  July 27, 2015 at 11:40 am I love the print on this, so pretty! Kristina does the Internets 
Jess says  July 27, 2015 at 1:56 pm Thanks Kristina!!  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  July 27, 2015 at 2:43 pm Gorgeous girl! I love this entire look! Her Heartland Soul
http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Seersucker Sass says  July 27, 2015 at 9:59 pm What a gorgeous dress!  It would be absolutely perfect for a garden party  XX, SS  ||  A Little Seersucker Sass 
Mariah @ Elevate Mobile Fitnes says  July 27, 2015 at 10:11 pm Cotton and dresses are absolutely the two best things about summer wardrobes. 
Monic says  July 30, 2015 at 7:53 pm what a fun dress ! love it ! M SIMPLY SUTTER 
Khaled Drici says  July 31, 2015 at 5:57 pm if you’re interested of healthy life and weight loss plus all the beauty tips and models secrets join our blog for free ♥ much love i hope you enjoy http://rymdrici.blogspot.com 
dellahs says  May 24, 2019 at 2:02 am gorgeous dress! It would be perfect for the garden party dresses. if you are looking for party dresses  visit https://www.dellahs.com/how-to-dress-to-a-graden-party/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Mini Bags, Printed Sweaters, Triangle Bikinis Tops, Workout Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 20, 2015     Half-zip sweatshirt: c/o Vineyard Vines overdyed Shep shirt in Jetty Red // Flags & Stars Weekender Bag: c/o Vineyard Vines  // White Pants: Gap // Shoes: Old (Similar Here!) // Sunnies: Ray Ban // Bracelet: J.Crew   




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Guys, sorry this post didn’t get up earlier this morning, but Kelly and I went to Taylor Swift last night and I got home at 1am (clearly having not finished this post ahead of time) and I’m still recovering from how incredible it was. More on that later! As you know, Neal and I spend a lot of time down at his family’s lake house in Indiana, so I’m sharing my favorite summer lake essentials (including two new must-haves from Vineyard Vines!) for those of you who are also lake or beach bound this summer!    Vineyard Vines Shep Shirt: This might come as a shock to you (after all, a half-zip in the summer? Is that necessary?) but I’ve been LIVING in this Vineyard Vines Shep Shirt since I got it a couple weeks back. It’s lightweight so you won’t overheat, but it’ll keep you warm when the cool summer breeze picks up. (Also, great for those days in Chicago where it’s been a chilly 65–which has unfortunately happened more often than our 80 degree days.) Vineyard Vines weekender bag: I have to admit I never could quite find the perfect bag to use for a weekend trip. I used to end up bringing two oversized totes to the Lake because a suitcase was just too big. This bag is perfect–it’s so roomy you could use it to pack for a week if you needed to! (Although, keep in mind, I’m a very light packer!) It has all sorts of inside pockets as well, and has the cutest American flag trim! Wayfarers: Admittedly, these are Neal’s sunglasses, but I steal them far more often than he would like. I love their classic shape that goes with everything, and elevates even the most casual outfit. (Ahem, like this one.) Boat shoes: No nautical destination would be complete without boat shoes! I always need something closed toed because I get eaten alive by bugs. (I’m not sure why this happens to me and nobody else in the family? Does anyone have any suggestions?) So I either bring these, or my favorite sneakers: Keds, or Nikes.         Photos by Blair  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  July 20, 2015 at 1:15 pm These are such cute photos! Love that VV top  xo, Laura
brightandbeautifulblog.com 
Jess says  July 20, 2015 at 2:43 pm Thanks Laura!  
Alias ThePoster says  July 20, 2015 at 2:16 pm You are the cutest! 
Jess says  July 20, 2015 at 2:43 pm Aw thank you!! 
Monica {Cake & Lilies} says  July 20, 2015 at 8:58 pm So cute, Jess! A bun + shep shirt sounds wonderful right now! 
Jess says  July 21, 2015 at 10:51 am Thanks Monica! Yes, they are wonderful! I think I might repeat this outfit again today with shorts ;-P 
Nikole says  July 21, 2015 at 11:29 am I love the bag and omg I so wanted to go to the t-swift concert. 
Jess says  July 21, 2015 at 7:24 pm It was MAGICAL! Definitely catch her tour next time around  She was incredible! 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  July 21, 2015 at 3:17 pm I want to see Taylor Swift! What a cute outfit! Her Heartland Soul
http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Jess says  July 21, 2015 at 7:24 pm Thanks lady! And she was unreal! You have to make it to a T-Swift concert some day! 
Kelly in the City says  July 21, 2015 at 4:18 pm THE CUTEST. And I’m still recovering, hahaha. LOVE YOU. 
Jess says  July 21, 2015 at 7:24 pm Me too! Best night ever!! 
Rachel says  July 23, 2015 at 9:16 am Super cute! I love the zip up and tote! Rachel’s Lookbook 
Jess says  July 27, 2015 at 9:26 am I always get eaten alive by bugs but have found a device called Thermacell that works wonders.  You can find it on amazon.  I hope it works as well for you! 
Phillips says  March 20, 2019 at 12:52 am Wow!!! Thank you for the post……..If you are looking for more collection of Vineyard Vines Hoodie? Visit us QCTEE Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tees, Frayed Shorts, Printed Sweaters, Blouses On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 11, 2019   Thanks to Nordstrom and Shopstyle for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 110% my own!  Hiii from Oregon!  I’m here over the next few days renting a lake house with my family (see more on stories!) but today, I’m excited to be teaming up with Nordstrom to share three ways to style this little red mini dress for summer.  (All my girls who have asked “what do I wear this summer to stay cool if I hate shorts?”–this one is for you!) Nordstrom is always one of my main go-to’s for summer dresses. They have one of the largest selections out there, and when I saw this little dress, I knew it had to be mine!   It’s so lightweight it’s barely there–I think this is probably the *coolest* (as in temperature) thing you could wear in the heat. It is linen, so it’s breathable and also feels like you’re wearing hardly anything on your body!  It’s the prettiest punchy red color–I just LOVE this color of red this time of year–and it’s perfect for 4th of July coming up, too! I think it’s festive and makes a statement.  The shape is wonderful for a couple reasons: first, it makes it really easy to style with sneakers (which I know a lot of people have trouble doing!) and because it isn’t flowy, you can wear it around everywhere without fear of it blowing up in the wind! (My biggest dress pet peeve, haha!)  Oh, and, did I mention–it comes in LOTS of other colors? If red isn’t your thing–check out the other colors they have! (I love the white with black polka dots too!)  Here are three easy ways to style it!     This is the EXACT kind of outfit I wore all over Italy! (I just wish I’d had this belt bag!) Like I said above, one of my favorite things about this dress is that it looks just as cute with sneakers as it does with heels–and not all dresses are so easy to pair with sneakers! It’s the perfect dose of girly + tomboy at the same time. Also–I’ll be posting a tutorial on how I tie scarves in my hair in a few days–sit tight! (This one I’m wearing here is vintage!)  Made by one of my favorite brands, B.P.–it runs TTS and comes in lots of colors! If you happened to skip over the intro of this post, I went into all the reasons why I love it above   The sneakers I have worn over and over and OVER on the blog. Nordstrom has them in lot’s of styles and colors–see how I styled them in tons of other posts here. Run TTS!  Can we talk about how “belt bags” are really big now except that they’re literally just fanny packs? I am always a late one to jump on the “trend” bandwagon–but actually, I realized how GENIUS these really are. I mean–what better purse can you ask for when it comes to travel? It’s not heavy, it doesn’t get in your way, it’s virtually impossible to have your purse stolen or pick-pocketed. (Plus, it fits your passport and all your essentials!) So when Madewell came out with this one, I was like. OKAY. I see you belt bag. I’m here for you. I’m so glad I got this!! Order your normal belt size for this! (I probably would’ve been an XS but it was sold out in this color so I got the small and it still totally works perfectly.  My favorite sunglasses–I never leave the house without them! They’re equal amounts retro and classic, and I think they make every outfit look more stylish!       The perfect thing to throw on to meet your friends or a date on your favorite patio! Just because you’re going casual doesn’t mean you can’t dress feminine!  Made by one of my favorite brands, B.P.–it runs TTS and comes in lots of colors! If you happened to skip over the intro of this post, I went into all the reasons why I love it above   How cute is this woven cross-body!? I can’t get enough of woven and wicker details when it comes to handbags, and this is no exception! I love that it’s convertible and the strap is very adjustable. I’ve said it once and I’ll say it again–Topshop is having a MOMENT with the handbags right now. Have you looked at their selection on Nordstrom.com? So stylish and so affordable!  I have been wanting to test out these sandals forever after seeing them EVERYWHERE for multiple summers–and I have to say, they do not disappoint! They are so cute, comfortable, and Nordstrom just got in a bunch of new colors! They run TTS.  If you’re looking for a straight up CLASSIC jean jacket, look no further than this one from J.Crew! I think a jean jacket paired with a punchy red is a match made in heaven! They complement each other so well–it’s the best thing to wrap around your shoulders on the patio when the sun goes down! Runs TTS!     You know when I was scrambling trying to find dresses for Vegas? This one would’ve been PERFECT! I know you guys are always looking for great bachelorette party dresses and this one could NOT be more versatile. Whether you’re going out on Broadway in Nashville, to a club in Vegas, or to dinner in Nantucket–with just a change of shoes you can dress this little frock up or down as much as you’d like!  Made by one of my favorite brands, B.P.–it runs TTS and comes in lots of colors! If you happened to skip over the intro of this post, I went into all the reasons why I love it above!  This time I removed the strap for a totally different look! I love that it’s so versatile and roomy enough for all your essentials! If you’ve been looking for a great pair of wedges, look no further! These come in soo many colors and are so comfortable you can walk in them for miles. I love that the platform isn’t too tall so you don’t feel like you’re going to roll your ankle.  Shop everything in this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Printed Jumpsuits, Denim Tops, Heeled Sandals, Leather Watches and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 2, 2016   Did you hear about the Shopbop surprise sale!? If you like to online shop, you probably have by now.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The better question is not, “is there a great ShopBop sale happening?” but rather, “Is it really worth my time weeding through things like, say, ridiculous glitter clutches that say, “stud” on them for $1,014″ (but OMG it’s 40% off!!!) Or, “Gee, how about that steal of a leather motorcycle jacket (reduced from $800 to a mere $560!) with red lipstick patches on it”–to find something at a decent price that, you know, a normal human being like you or I would actually want to purchase? I’m not going to lie, the sole reason I put myself through sorting through ridiculous things like the above (WHO BUYS THESE, by the way?) is to find amazing hidden gems that can be shipped to me for free in less than 2 days on Amazon Prime. Ding ding dingggggg. Here are a handful of great steals that you will ACTUALLY want to purchase at the Shopbop sale–which, by the way, is only happening through November 3rd. Act fast!   RM "Cold Shoudler" Dress–$176 Splendid Booties–$133 Frame Jeans–$167 Alice + Olivia Bow Top–$192 RAILS Plaid Dress–$110 Grey Turtleneck–$122 Sam Edelman Booties–$99 Cozy Sweater Dress–$52 Parisian Striped Tee–$63 OTS Sweater–$77 Chic Rain Booties–$44 Fisherman Sweater-$66.50 Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Fashion Jackets, Black And White Dresses, No Heel Wedges, Red Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 1, 2018   Wrap Dress: c/o Everlane–comes in several colors and also a shorter length as well as in a slip-dress! I would size down. I’m wearing a 0 and probably could’ve gone with a 00 (I just have a small ribcage–I don’t wear a 00 in anything other than some dresses ?). Sandals: Steven by Steve Madden–these are actually Shaheen’s that I borrowed–I own them in brown! (TTS) Everlane also makes a similar pair that I have in black and absolutely love (also TTS) I have beat them to HELL and they have held up amazingly–they’re great pool slides! Purse: vintage, I just bought it for $30 at Randolph Street Market! Sunnies: c/o American Eagle (can you believe it?! ?) Hoops: c/o Vo Jewelry and similar here at Baublebar.  Happy Friday and more importantly, JUNE! Seriously, where does the time go? I honestly am so disoriented because of the short week I can’t really wrap my mind around the fact that it’s the weekend again–this is a good and a bad thing ? Truthfully, I could really use another day to get everything checked off my to-do list, but who can complain about Saturday coming too early!? I’ve managed to somehow pull off more home improvement projects this week than I have completed since moving into this house three summers ago, haha! I finally bit the bullet and just HIRED a handyman to come do all the things that Neal and I have been meaning to get around to for like, um, 3 years–and it was the best decision ever. Sometimes you just need to get over the issue of paying for something you can do yourself and just DO IT. It frees up so much of your time and the payoff of actually getting it done is soooo good. Anyway, I found the best handyman so if you need his contact info, just message me on Instagram!  I’ll definitely be sharing some photos soon–don’t you worry! Anyway–today we aren’t talking about home improvement, today we’re talking about the most wonderful wrap dress that I think EVERY woman should have in her closet! (Don’t worry, if you aren’t into red, it comes in black and a couple other colors, too! ?) It’s made by–who else? Everlane! One of my favorite brands for years. This wrap dress is made of the same “Japanese Go Weave” fabric that many of their other staples are made out of–I actually own their tank dress in the same material–you can see it in this post! The fabric is wrinkle-resistant and it’s the perfect weight–it’s not too thin (because see through dresses are the worst) but not too thick, so it’s still cool! It’s going to be a must-bring on our Italy trip and I think I’m going to have to get it in black as well! I love that it’s a midi length, which makes it especially great for walking around any city because you don’t have to worry about your skirt blowing up–haha! I’ve worn it so much already since the temperatures have gone straight from arctic to SCORCHING ? (oh Chicago, you can never give us a spring, can you?) When I was out and about with Shaheen this past weekend, I borrowed her white pair of Grecian flats (I own them in brown!) and they are seriously one of the most comfortable pairs of shoes I’ve ever owned right out of the box. Everlane also makes a similar pair called their “Bridge sandals” and I’d say theirs do take some breaking in (they weren’t comfy out of the gate), BUT they are now insanely comfy–they were pretty much the only pair of shoes I wore on our honeymoon. Their pair has kind of a shiny coating on the outside and it’s definitely a thicker, tough leather, so honestly, both are great pairs, it just depends on what you’re looking for!  I’ve beaten them up pretty badly over the past year, haha–accidentally left them outside in a rain storm, Otto got ahold of one of them and chewed part of it, I’ve dropped them in the pool–and they’ve held up magically ? (On that note, don’t you want to lend me your shoes?! I’ll take SUCH good care of them, clearly.)   Shop this post:    SaveSave SaveSave SaveSave SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  June 1, 2018 at 9:29 am This color looks great on you! Also, speaking of handmen, yesterday I read an article that paying to get stuff done can be good for mental health, because Time is more valuable than money. Made me feel better about paying for stuff I can do!
Happy Friday! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Allyson says  June 4, 2018 at 8:54 pm My husband sent me an article about this as well – it’s a college psych course taught at Yale! Same story?! Too funny!! Made me ok with my decision to have someone come clean my house once every 2 months… the decision that I never tell my husband about because he doesn’t get it! ? I’m a stay at home mom with 3 kids – something has to give! ? 
Victoria Melo says  June 3, 2018 at 6:29 pm The color really suits you, I can see myself wearing it this Summer season after I get some tan going on 
Oh and I would totally wear some sneakers with this dress, I do see the versatility level in it. 
Xenia says  June 6, 2018 at 4:38 am This red dress is so cute and feminine! Like the sunglasses and white sandals
Best,
Xenia
from
Stylefavourite.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Light Blue Jeans, Lingerie Panties, Shoes Wedges, High Waist Flare Pants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 19, 2014   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   A short and sweet update: En route home to Oregon, I got caught in Salt Lake City due to delays and missed my connection. I experienced what might be my worst traveling luck to date. Let me explain. After experiencing two hours of delays, we finally got on the plane, only to wait another hour for it to be “de-iced”. I then sat next to a large Serbian fellow who was at one point quite jolly, telling me some interesting stories about his life in the trucking business, until the 6 vodkas (shout out to Delta, for so being so willing to over serve my friend in seat 8C) he ordered on the plane started to hit him. After which, he spent the rest of the flight looking over my shoulder while I was completing some graphic design work for a client saying “I don’t like that” and “You should make that a different color.” Really?  The cherry on top was when he walked out of the jetway and crashed into 3 bags and tumbled all the way to the floor. (Hehe.) You meet some really interesting people in life, yes?  Anyway, it’s a new day! And there’s something fun for you to check out over on The Everygirl today: my tips on styling these amazing plaid pants! It’s a rare occasion that I’m on the site myself, instead of behind the scenes! But it’s always fun to mix things up every once and awhile   Wish me luck on this next leg of my travel journey….see ya later, Salt Lake City!  Photos by Kelly Larkin Filed Under: Style, Styling tips  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes, Sam Edelman Flats, Red Bikinis Tops, Trendy Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 21, 2016   Image via Hello Fashion Blog  If you’ve been following on Instagram this past week you may have noticed my slight obsession with off the shoulder tops. Now that the weather is finally, um, AMAZING–they’re pretty much all I want to wear. They’re feminine, flattering, and make such a statement with anything you pair them with. Here are 12 of my absolute favorite off the shoulder tops, if you’re in the market!   




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Which top is your favorite?  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  April 22, 2016 at 10:36 am Love all of these & wish they weren’t so annoying to wear haha! 
Lindsey Simon says  April 22, 2016 at 4:27 pm I love all of these! Great picks 
Love, Lindsey
http://www.thenomisniche.com/ 
Becca says  April 23, 2016 at 4:45 pm I think the tangerine one is my favorite – such a fun punchy color for summer! You should do a post next about strapless bras – the best ones you’ve had. I’m constantly wearing maxi dresses and tops that require strapless bras, but my ‘girls’ cannot be tamed!  
Love Always, Audrey says  April 24, 2016 at 5:25 pm Off the shoulder tops will ALWAYS remind me of Amanda from the Bachelor. Just me? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pumps Heels, Shoes Wedges, Brown Flats, Tan Slides and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 21, 2014        



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 This morning we’re talking about 9 weekend packing essentials, just in time for Memorial Day weekend! I had so much fun doing this shoot with my friend Soraya, who is a traveling fiend herself (she just got back from Venezuela and Aruba — you can join me in living vicariously through her instagram, here). Here’s a sneak preview, but click over to TEG to see the full list. Be sure to share your weekend packing advice in the comments section. Have a great Wednesday! Filed Under: Advice, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Off Shoulder Black Dresses, Metallic Shoes, White And Black Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 3, 2017   Hi guys! I’m getting Monday’s post up early on Friday afternoon because Nordstrom is having a great Fall sale right now and obviously weekends are some of the best times to get your shopping done! If you’ve been wanting to fill in some holes in your fall/winter wardrobe, now is a great time to do it because there are a ton of really versatile staples marked down. Also, this is especially great for those of you who like to plan ahead and buy gifts in…November (wahaaatttt?) There are a LOT of items on sale that have been featured in this month’s Capsule Wardrobe Remix series, too! Also, when I asked you guys on Instagram, you let me know you’d like to seeing more guys’ content on the blog too, so I had Neal round up a few of his favorite on-sale picks as well. (Okay fine, I rounded them up, he approved.) Keep on scrollin (SCROLLIN!) to see what we picked out! I love love LOVE these jeans. They are so comfortable and stretchy. Unlike most stretchy jeans, they don’t stretch out to where you have to wash them over and over to shrink them back. They run true to size, but if you’re in-between, I’d say size down. They hit me right at/a little above the ankle, for reference, and I’m 5’6″  I’m obsessed with this pair of booties (which you saw featured many times in my Capsule Wardrobe Remix series this month!) They’re marked down to $59! Run TTS. (True to size!)  Whenever someone asks me for my favorite budget-friendly OTK boots, I always direct them to this pair. They’re waterproof (so I wear them whenever I don’t want to risk my Stuart Weitzmans getting dirty or wet!) and also stretchy in the back so they fit snugly no matter what size your calves are! They also come in grey. Run TTS. Another item you’ve seen on repeat for the Capsule Wardrobe Remix series–my Sam Edelman pumps. While mine are a slightly different version, these are the most similar and I love them so much. They’ve lasted me for years and I wear them to everything from weddings to date night to work meetings!  Another star of the Capsule Wardrobe Remix series. This cardigan is so cozy and feels like you’re wearing one of Grandma’s hand-knitted blankets. There are a lot of leather jackets on sale right now–most notably, Bernardo’s! They make a ton of styles! I really wanted this sweater during the anniversary sale this past summer but I couldn’t snatch it up quickly enough! Now it’s restocked in several colors! This dress is only $29!! It’s perfect for everything from the office to a holiday party! Wear it with OTK booties for the weekend or with tights and those Sam Edelman pumps to work!  There are a few pairs of leather leggings on sale! They’re one of my favorite fall/winter staples. If you’re not sure how to wear them, see my post on how to wear leather leggings here! This chic sweater dress is a must-have wardrobe staple for winter–wear from work to the weekend–it’s only $58! Shop these and other favorites below:    This brand is one of Neal’s go-to’s for dress shoes. He has to dress up 5 days a week, so these get a lot of wear. They’re super polished, high quality (last for years) and are relatively affordable for nice dress shoes! They have a lot of pairs on sale (including more casual styles too!) You can shop them all here. He basically lives in Henley shirts on the weekends–Bonobos makes his favorite kind, but Nordstrom Men’s has some good ones that come in three colors. Neal recently just got a pair of Chelsea boots that he loves. (This pair in particular, but it’s not on sale) however this pair is similar as well as this pair and this pair in leather and this pair in leather. This mens version my rain coatThis is the same brand as (which I LOVE). Their coats are really high-quality and would be great for casual wear, yet nice enough to wear over a suit for the office. These comfy faux sheepskin lined moccasin slippers are only $39 and are the perfect “house shoes” for winter. (Hoping these will replace those Adidas slip on sandals from college….oy.)   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Ivory Wedding Dresses, Trendy Tops, Flat Silver Shoes, Gold Lariat Necklaces and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 14, 2019   This post is sponsored by Lord + Taylor & ShopStyle. All opinions, as always, are 110% my own!  Happy Friday, friends! Believe it or not–we’re heading to NEAL’S FAMILY’s lake house in Indiana tonight. (This shall be known as the week of lake houses). We’ll be spending Father’s Day weekend in Beverly Shores and I somehow got coerced into running a “Necktie 5K” tomorrow morning. Say a prayer for me.  ANYWAY–I’m excited for today’s post, because it’s been awhile since I squealed out loud when pulling something out of the box–but that’s exactly what happened when I received my most recent Lord + Taylor order. As soon as I saw this floral shirt dress on the website–I had a feeling that you and I both would fall head over heels for this versatile summer staple. (I was right!)  “What can I wear that is conservative enough for work, cute enough for dinner, and will keep me cool all summer long?”  “What do I wear in the summer that isn’t shorts!? I hate shorts!”  “What are some good dresses to wear on my Europe trip this summer?”  “Do you know of any good pieces on sale that I can wear a variety of ways?”  “What is a good go-to outfit that I can throw on to wear ANYWHERE and be ready in like 5 minutes?”  “Do you have any ideas for pretty outfits that can also disguise toddler grime and not flash everyone when I bend over to pick up my kid?” The best news of all: It’s on sale for under $100! (Lord + Taylor always have the best sales–their Friends + Family sale is happening right now too–almost everything is an extra 30% off, including lots of good ideas for Father’s Day–I’ll round up some ideas for that in a second!)  Well, first of all, it’s versatile. The length and sleeves make it perfect for work. I fell in love with the details; from the crocheting down the front, to the bold, feminine floral pattern, to the slits on the side, and the fabric that is super lightweight–there are so many things to adore about this dress! The length is also perfect. It’s conservative enough for the office, but great for travel (because you never have to worry about it blowing up in the wind!) Oh– and also–IT HAS POCKETS! Huzzah!  I wanted to show how easy it was to dress up or down with just a change of shoes, so I paired it here with two great pairs of sandals:  This is one of my go-to pairs of heels for EVERYTHING. From nights out to weddings and bachelorette parties, I think these are very comfortable (I mean, for heels), the ankle strap keeps them in place (no falling out of them) and they go with everything! They look so lovely with this dress and go a long way in dressing it up for so many occasions–work included!  I can’t say I’ve ever owned a pair of yellow sandals–this is definitely a first for me, but I fell in love with the texture paired with the cheery canary yellow, and I thought they were the perfect foil to make this dress more casual, fun, and playful. Textural elements always bring a lot more interest to any outfit–so they will be the star of the show no matter what you pair them with! Not to mention, they are SO comfortable!  The one I’m wearing here is actually old, but there is a very similar one on sale here for only $39! I love straw clutches–they are neutral, so they go with everything, and add such a summery twist to any outfit! A great go-to for summer weddings as well!  Shop my outfit:          Don’t miss the tail end of Lord + Taylor’s Friends and Family sale, happening now! There are so many great summer staples included. Plus, lots of great picks for Father’s Day right here if you still need a gift! See more ideas in the widgets below!  Shop L + T sale picks for YOU: Some don’t-miss stand outs: My FAVORITE insanely soft Natori bathrobe, their under $30 linen button downs, great basic tees for under $11 and some of my favorite Splendid pajamas (SO soft), all marked down!    Shop sale picks for him:   Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Up Dresses, Black Graphic Tees, Black Heel Booties, Metallic Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 22, 2015   Boots: Sorel CVS boots (c/o) (also love these, these and these if you’re in the market for snow boots!) // Coat: Barbour (FYI: size up, these run small! I typically wear a US size 2, but in Barbour I wear a US size 4) I also love this quilted Barbour coat // “Snow” Beanie: Gap (on sale! I also love their fair isle beanie, and this hat,and  this hat) // Striped Shirt: Gap //  Scarf: Vineyard Vines cashmere buffalo check scarf (c/o) // Socks: Gap (sold in stores, not online) // Jeans: Henry & Belle (sold out, but love these, which are really similar and also an amazing brand! Or try this budget friendly version!) // Lipstick: Clinique Lip Pop Lipstick in “Cherry Pop” // Bracelets: Kendra Scott, J.Crew Pave Link Bracelet (30% off!), Busywrist  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Hellooo from Bend, Oregon! (AKA, home.)  It’s been a bit of a whirlwind to say the least! This past weekend I road tripped to Reno to see family along with my sister and two youngest nephews. The car DVD player wouldn’t play any movies other than “The Great Outdoors” so you could confidently say I know pretty much every line, despite never actually “seeing” the movie.  (They watched it SIX times!) Going over the mountain proved to be a little scary and treacherous (luckily I was wearing my Sorel CVS boots because the trip required trekking through several inches of snow to make it to the bathrooms at some rest stops.)  But all in all, it turned out to be a pretty funny adventure, and we made some pretty epic “music videos” on this app called Triller in the hotel room. Have you downloaded this yet? It’s HILARIOUS and so amazing. Ever since Emily sent me the first music video she made of Gracie it’s been an addiction. It was a hit with my nephews. (This comes in especially handy when around funny family members during the holidays.)  When we got home to Bend (which is where my sister and mom live, for those of you wondering why Bend is “home,” I’m not originally from Bend!) we got another foot of snow, so I’m EXTRA thankful I packed these boots! I love the pop of coral they have on the bottoms and the laces–it makes them so much more special than your average pair of snow boots! However, if you aren’t feeling the color, you can also swap out the colorful laces with regular black ones. You can shop the Sorel CVS boots on both Sorel.com as well as Zappos! (If you order on Zappos, you can still get them in time for Christmas!) Or, if you live in the Chicago area, you can shop the brand new Sorel store at Westfield Old Orchard. (Fit tip: These run true to size!)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Now, I’m off to do some Christmas shopping! (And by that, I mean online Christmas shopping!) If you’re in the same boat, definitely check out this post, with 100+ gift ideas with FREE shipping that you can still get by Christmas Eve!  
    Shop this post:    Shop more Sorel favorites:    For more winter-wear inspiration, follow Sorel on Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest and Twitter! 
Thank you so much to Sorel, a brand I wear and love, for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 100% my own.  P.S. Thanks for the photos, Mom!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Carly says  December 22, 2015 at 7:21 am You’re just the cutest!!!! I need that Barbour…also need snow, please send some my way!
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Olivia says  December 22, 2015 at 9:07 am Love that you get to have a snowy Christmas in Oregon! I think all of us in the Midwest are jealous  Your beanie and scarf are adorable! Baubles to Bubbles 
Lauren Nolan says  December 22, 2015 at 1:19 pm Your Mom did such a good job on these photos! Nice work!!!
xoxo,
Lauren at http://www.lakeshorelady.com/ 
Alyssa Thomas says  December 23, 2015 at 8:56 am Have a great Christmas! It’s raining here at the lakeshore so there’s no white Christmas for us! Alyssa | Glitter and Grey […] can be hard to dress stylish in winter and super cold days, but I’m always turning to Jess, Kelly and Nicole for some winter style […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Yellow Bikinis, Pink Flat Shoes, Pumps Heels Shoes, Short Sleeve Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 25, 2015   Button down shirt: Tommy Bahama Napoli Seersucker shirt // Shorts: Chubbies // Watch: Shinola // Sunglasses: Ray Ban // Shoes: Cole Haan  It’s not often that Neal makes an appearance on the blog (I try to spare him the torture of taking blog photos, which obviously takes FAR longer than one might think!) but when we got the invite to collaborate with Tommy Bahama, he jumped on board! (I’m sooo punny.) I have to admit, I was pretty surprised to see this freaking A-MAZING striped seersucker, Mad Men-esque button down on the rack amongst the classic tropical prints, but I instantly knew he’d love it.  (P.S. they run REALLY big. Neal likes his shirts more fitted and typically wears a medium, but we went down to a small in Tommy Bahama.)  Admittedly, I think he’s the more stylish one out of the two of us, and has an incredible eye for detail. The well-made buttons on this shirt really caught his eye, especially the last one, which is in a darker accent color. Since short sleeved men’s button downs are so in this season, it was awesome to see such a great selection! See some of our other favorites here, here, and here. (Seriously, they are way more than just your Dad’s vacation brand these days!) If you haven’t seen my post on their new women’s line, click here! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Also worth noting–if your guy loves Chubbies shorts as much as Neal, he’ll love their retro-style to pair with them! (You all know his feelings about short shorts ;-)) He also recently picked up these Cole Haan weekend loafers–which are in an awesome bright navy color which happens to pair perfectly with his favorite (and my favorite!) Shinola watch. (I love this watch on him!) He wears it as his everyday piece, because A. It looks awesome (obviously) and B. (and perhaps more importantly for such an investment) it’s “built like a tank.” So when everyone else is complaining about their guy’s style, I’m always extra thankful that I’ve never had to dress him a day in my life. Now, when it comes to fighting over closet space…that will be another story…          Thanks SO MUCH to Kelly for snapping these adorable photos! We never get good ones of the two of us  *This post is sponsored by Tommy Bahama, all opinions are 100% my own. Thank you so much for supporting the partnerships that keep GG going!* Filed Under: Outfits, Style  […] Tommy Bahama Shorts and Sweatshirt c/o / L.L.Bean Shirt c/o / Original Penguin Sandals (Love this pair, too.) / Ray-Ban Sunglasses (Borrowed from Neal) […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Flat Sandals, Black Booties Heels, Blue Jumpsuits, Tan Coats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 16, 2014   Frenchie Sweatshirt: Vintage Charm in Bucktown // Vegan Leather Leggings: American Apparel // Camo Jacket: Old Navy (similar) // Boots: from Nashville (similar) Happy Tuesday! Sorry for the MIA-ness the past couple days! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 If you remember Thursday’s post, you’ll know my best friend just had a baby! We’ve been like sisters ever since I was 8, so you could say I’ve been waiting for this moment for a LONG time. The second I got the call that Harper was on the way, I jumped into my roommates car (which she was SO nice to lend me, thank you, Kate!) and drove as fast as I could to Cincinnati, just in time for Harper’s arrival! I spent the weekend there, and got back on Sunday afternoon. Needless to say, family takes priority over blog posts, thus the radio silence. But I’m sure you understand! It’s been a whirlwind playing catch up ever since, but I’m working on digging out of the 450 emails in my inbox and getting on top of my blog posts and 89 other project I’ve been juggling (oy!)  So, on to today’s post. Clearly the star of the show is the frenchie sweatshirt. It’s from one of my favorite local boutiques, Vintage Charm (yep, the same place this amazing outfit is from.) Upon my first visit there, we discovered that myself and the store owner, Nancy, both share a crazy love of french bulldogs, so it was meant to be! The rest of this outfit is comprised of several of my outfit staples: one being vegan leather leggings, which I wear on a weekly basis. I get so many compliments on them and everyone is shocked when I tell them they’re from American Apparel! This camo jacket is also amazing, I like layering it under another coat for cooler weather, and over feminine items like dresses and skirts to make them more edgy. And the boots– the boots. These were an anniversary present from Neal last year when we went on our trip to Nashville. It was seriously one of my favorite trips I’d ever taken. We each bought Cowboy boots and wore them around the whole time like super embarrassing tourists, but I still rock these guys in the Midwest. They’re still subtle enough to not look like I’m going to a rodeo! Also this goes without saying but no, my hair did not magically grow back. I shot a bunch of looks right before I got my hair chopped, so there’s one more “long hair” post coming, and it’ll all be short ones there on out! Hope you don’t mind  Shop Frenchie Lovin’       Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Lace Cocktail Dresses, Black And Gold Jewelry, White Sheath Dresses, Black Wedge Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 10, 2019    This post is sponsored by Nordstrom and ShopStyle. All opinions are 110% my own!  Hi guys!  Happy Thursday! Get excited for more fall style inspo in today’s post. I’m thrilled to be partnering with Nordstrom again to highlight some of their best fall staples! As you know, they’re one of my absolute favorite retailers, and they are my go-to for pretty much every kind of occasion, from weekend wear to fall weddings, workwear, and everything in between! (They even have a new Sustainable Style section you can shop on their site!) Everything I’m wearing here is from Nordstrom and I know you’re going to love all these staples!     I absolutely adore a loose, flowy mini dress, and this one from Topshop is no exception. It has tons of feminine details, from the swiss dot pattern to the ruffle sleeves, and subtle bow at the neckline. It’s conservative but the short length makes it very wearable–and it looks ESPECIALLY great with OTK boots for the perfect balance of sweet + spicy! For a dressier twist, you can easily pair this dress with tights (you’ll probably want to go with sheer tights rather than opaque because the high neck and long sleeves would be too much skin covered and too much black–sheer tights will help break it up!) along with some classic pumps. (I LOVE Sam Edelman pumps–this pair is most similar to the pair I’ve had for 5+ years and STILL wear!)  Dress sizing: Runs TTS for regular sizes! I’m wearing a 2!  This is SUCH a beautiful coat (also from Topshop) and I can’t believe it’s under $200! It’s very thick and warm and I love that it’s a longer length (which is ideal especially when you’re wearing a longline cardigan–I hate when my sweater is longer than my coat.)  There are so many cute plaid coats at Nordstrom right now–how adorable is this sweater coat!?  Coat sizing: Size 2–runs large! (I actually cuffed the sleeves on the inside so they’re a little shorter, but I plan to take it back in to get them altered because Nordstrom has free basic alterations!)  Shop more cute fall coats:     I have two pairs of favorite OTK boots and I couldn’t live without either one of them! These are the Stuart Weitzman Lowlands (run TTS) which are definitely an investment but they are truly one of my favorite pairs of shoes. I love how high they come up on the thigh and how form-fitting they are through the calf. It makes them look extra sleek when you pair them with short hemlines!  For a more budget-friendly alternative, you guys know how much I love Blondo boots (ON SALE for 25% off right now–also run TTS)! I wear these when the weather is bad and slushy/rainy because they’re waterproof AND salt proof suede! They aren’t quite dupes of the Lowlands, but they’re still REALLY beautiful boots! I love that they have the elastic in the back so they can accommodate a wide range of calf sizes! (I have really small calves and they fit me really nicely. Also, I’ve heard from those with wider calves that they fit great too!)  YOU GUYS this purse just sold out between the time I shot this post and right now I’m so sad! BUT–Topshop is actually my hidden gem to-to for fun purses. Here are some of my favorites similar to the one I’m wearing here:          Shop everything I’m wearing in this post!    Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pj Sets, Off White Pumps, Black Heels, Red Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 24, 2018  WHEW! Halfway through the week, you guys! How are things going for you? So far, my win for the week was definitely getting my “cleaner beauty for average girls” email list up and running! EEK! It’s something I’ve been wanting to do for a long time because I’ve become more interested in cleaner beauty over the past year, but it can be SO overwhelming. I wanted to create something that helped simplify things for those of you who are interested in it too, Ideally, it will help you make a seamless transition into cleaner beauty by sharing educational tips, tricks and my favorite products that are just as good as your old standby’s! (I.E. avoiding the confusion, head spinning and migraines over what is and isn’t good for you ?) I’ve received some great feedback so far and I can’t believe it took me so long to rip off the band-aid! If you’re interested, you can join right here! Another win–so many of my wardrobe staples from last fall and winter are back in stock! I’m rounding up eight of ’em right here–so if you’re looking to get a head start on your Christmas shopping or just looking to add some essentials to your wardrobe, hopefully you’ll love these!    I freaking LOVE these loafers. If leopard isn’t your thing–don’t worry, because they come in just about every other color under the sun, too! They require zero break-in, have never given me blisters and they’re the perfect thing to jazz up an old outfit, but still be really comfy! You can wear from the office to the plane to Saturday brunch! See how I styled them several ways in this post. Sam Edelman is one of my favorite shoe brands and they also make tons of other really cute flats if you’re in the market! Shopbop has a great selection! Sizing: TTS    THANKFULLY this never went out of stock, but since I’m wearing it in the above photo, I figured I’d mention it ? My #1 most worn top in my closet, right here. It’s truly the most versatile thing I own–great for layering, and it always make me feel chic, stylish, minimalist, and feminine all at the same time. I wrote a whole post on it and your FAQ’s about it here. Sizing: I’m wearing a 2 here–it’s a little relaxed fitting so if you want it slimmer you could size down!  Another staple I wear multiple times per week in the fall and winter? My velvet leggings made by SPANX. They were the pants that I was MOST excited to pull out of storage–they are incredibly comfortable, just the right amount of support up top, they are way warmer than normal leggings, and they are SO much cuter! Wear them like sweats or wear them out with booties–these can do no wrong. I love all their pants–shop more here! Commando is the other brand I’d recommend for leggings (especially Faux leather!) Sizing: True to size  Another very popular go-to in my closet–I actually did a whole post on multiple ways to wear this sweater right over here! They have a newer version that is less fleecy and more sweater-y as well (that description is odd but true ?) This is another one I get a ton of wear out of–I wear it as a cowl neck during the day and then when I go out at night, I’ll tuck it into jeans or a skirt and wear it as an off the shoulder top! Sizing: Runs big! Size down!  A longggg time GG best-seller EVERY year–Blondo’s tall waterproof suede boots. Note–this year’s version is not OTK–it’s knee high, so they are a little shorter than you see here–but I still think they’re amazing. The best part about them, aside from being fully waterproofed (!!!) is that they have elastic in the back, so they truly can accommodate all calf sizes. (I have child calves and I’ve never been able to find a budget-friendly pair to fit my small calves–but I also have friends of all sizes who love these boots!) Sizing: Run true to size (P.S. my bag from above isn’t in stock in the olive color but they still sell it in lot’s of other colors–it’s the small “Love” bag!)  Everlane is probably my #1 go-to place for nice, classic sweaters. They have very affordable cashmere and the mock-neck I’m wearing here comes in several colors! I love wearing it during the day but it’s nice enough to dress up for a nice dinner as well! Sizing: Runs true to size, but is a bit cropped!  I know, I keep talking about this coat. But I keep getting questions my reccos for warm wool coats so I feel like I have to post about it every chance I get ? Right now it’s 30% off, so get it fast!  Known formally as “one of the warmest, prettiest non-puffer coats that you can wear in the winter” (the “J.Crew Stadium Cloth Cocoon Coat” for short). J.Crew comes out with this coat every year for good reason, it’s polished, but still insanely warm. It comes in tons of colors!  The warmest coats are definitely an investment, but they’ll last for years! Sizing: J.Crew typically runs large on me, so I size down because I like my jackets more fitted! If you like a lot of room in your jackets to accommodate layers, order your regular size. If not, size down!  Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Shop, Style  
Carly | The Clydescope says  August 30, 2017 at 8:37 am STOP IT I’M ON A SPENDING FREEZE. 
Jessi Afshin says  August 31, 2017 at 9:02 am I love those shoes! Definitely very Chanel looking, and such a great price point! xoxo
Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Rachel Spross says  August 31, 2017 at 9:22 am Need all of these pieces! Those Chanel inspired shoes are calling my name  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Cammie Terry says  August 31, 2017 at 11:47 am Awe I looked at the sweater and there’s only Black Mediums left  
Blair @ The Fox & She says  September 1, 2017 at 10:11 am Can’t believe we have to think about coats again so soon!! Glad to hear everything is going well and that you’re not too overwhelmed with wedding stuff!! can’t believe it’s so soon! 
Chelsea says  October 24, 2018 at 10:13 pm Hey Jess! I was looking at the beautiful Everlane shirt (it just went straight to my Christmas wish list) and am wondering: what kind of undergarments can you wear with it? It seems very sheer on Everlane’s site and am curious if you need to wear a camisole under it. Thanks so much; these kind of posts are my favorite!  
Bright Socks says  October 29, 2018 at 8:21 am You have brought up very fantastic points, thank you for the post. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sundresses, Gowns For Sale, One Pieces Swimwear, Light Blue Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 29, 2019     Dress: English Factory c/o Shopbop (runs small! I went XS but should’ve gone with S), I also love this breezy striped ruffled midi dress or this yellow floral midi! Also, if you’re looking for something a little dressier–this dress is hands down THE summer dress to wear to weddings! I own it in burgundy but want it in a springier color now! Sandals: Kaanas c/o Shopbop (order your normal size, they’ll be a bit snug at first but they stretch a bit!) The Steven Greece slides are my other favorite go-to pair! Hoop earrings: Vo Jewelry Ollie Hoops (she’s a local Chicago designer!), Purse: Amazon (it’s $15!!!) Hair: Curled with a T3 Whirl with 1″ barrel wand attachment Makeup: All linked here!  Happy Monday!! Neal had a bachelor party in Michigan so I was home alone. (Which was nice because in my old age I’ve become an introvert, apparently.) I had planned to finally finish the Trader Joe’s Hacks e-Book I’ve been working on, but I didn’t get AS much done as I’d hoped––it’s coming along slowly but surely––aiming to release it in May! Get excited! I also had my friend Kai’s wedding shower which was really fun!  Last week, I got a LOT of requests for “cute versatile spring/summer” dresses when I threw a question box up on Instagram stories and asked what requests you had for the blog over the next month–so, HOORAY! That’s what you’re getting today, friends!  I had every intention to get this dress posted before Easter (because, hello, PERFECT EASTER DRESS) but as you know, I’m a hot mess and life happens and here we are. Luckily, it’s not only for Easter–it’s perfect for lot’s of occasions!  I think the cool part about this dress (aside from being adorable) is that the material is poplin–meaning, you can actually get away with wearing it to dressier occasions because poplin tends to be a bit more versatile when it comes to dressing up and looking polished. Additionally, it’s midi length makes it really versatile and worry-free about those Marilyn Monroe moments that I seem to have more of (and have become more concerned about ?) over the last few years.  — Before Neal and I moved in together, there was about a 3 month period in between our leases, so I had to move into his place where he lived with his two other best friends. (MEMORIES! Yes it was a frat house, but it was SO. FUN. This was also right when I quit my job and had absolutely no money so not having to pay rent for 3 months couldn’t have come at a better time, haha!) Anyway, he lived downtown, right by the lake up a hill, so it was quite literally, a wind tunnel. This was back when I was younger and wore a lot of short dresses, and every time I’d walk up and down that damn hill I would have to walk holding my dress down because it would fly up EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.  I texted Mitch and Kelly (if you didn’t know, Mitch is an inventor and has really cool inventions he sells on Amazon, like Couch Clamp and Freezer Meter) and said MITCH. PLEASE INVENT ME SOME DRESS WEIGHTS!! (You know, like the Queen has sewn into her hems but…removable?) Mitch then embarked on a period of like 6 months of prototyping that we jokingly called “Jess Weights” but we couldn’t figure out how to attach a heavy enough weight in a way that didn’t ruin the dress and then we got bored and gave up. By we I mean Mitch. I actually had nothing to do with the process. ? So, long story short, that’s why I wear so many more midi dresses, these days. ?This being one of them! Here are more ideas on how to wear it:  Wear it to a casual dinner: Here I wore this to dinner with my favorite rattan flats–I’ve been wearing them nonstop since the day they arrived. They are so comfortable–I’ve walked miles in them!  Dress it up for a date night or party: To dress it up but still keep it relatively casual, you could easily throw on a pair of wedges. I highly recommend Treasure and Bond wedges–they are so comfortable, the platform isn’t too high, and they don’t require break-in! Another option would be Soludos espadrille wedges, which are another pair of favorites in my wardrobe! They would be SO. DARLING. with this dress. Tip: Size down–they stretch!  Dress it up for a summer wedding: You could dress it up even further for something like a spring or summer wedding by putting on some sleeker nude heels–I swear by Sam Edelman Yaro sandals!  Not sure about this midi? Linking a few other favorites below, too!          Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Knit Turtlenecks, Gold Lariat Necklaces, Pumps Heels Shoes, High Waist Flare Pants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 26, 2015   Shirt: Zara (I also love this shirt with the side split detail, and this shirt is the perfect, classic black tee) // Jeans: Paige Denim (similar here, and here– bothless than $100!) // Scarf: Vera Bradley (c/o) // Backpack: Vera Bradley Quilted Amy Backpack (c/o) // Shoes: Nike (also love this pair and this pair!) // Sunglasses: Ray Ban fold up round mirrored sunglasses  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 As many of you know, I packed for Ireland in a travel backpack! I had never traveled quite that light before, but I knew we were going to be hopping around quite a bit, and we didn’t want a ton of luggage tying us down. And know what? It was the best decision I ever made, and I’ll pack even less next time! Read on for my packing tips on how to travel light!  On of my biggest packing tips (Especially for Europe)? Bring several layering options (scarves are your best friend) and stick to one color scheme, so everything you have mixes and matches perfectly (aka, getting dressed is a no-brainer!) But the real hero of this trip was this quilted leather backpack! (YES it is from Vera Bradley!) I cannot say enough good things about it! It’s so roomy that it fit my wallet, my giant camera, a water bottle, AND some makeup items, too! Since it’s black leather, it was also chic enough for me to take out at night, too. If you’re traveling anywhere, this little buddy is the only purse you’ll need! Also, my favorite souvenir of the trip is definitely these sunnies! Aren’t they amazing!? They’re the best travel pair too, because they fold up into a little tiny square case, and barely take up any room. We snapped these photos in Dublin’s St. Stephen’s Green park, which was absolutely beautiful. It’s a park right in the city, and reminded me a lot of Central Park! (Not to be confused, however, with Phoenix Park, which is also another must-see!)     Are you traveling anywhere soon? What other packing tips do you have?  Filed Under: Style, Travel  
Patty says  May 25, 2018 at 9:29 pm Curious if you packed a jacket, coat, sweater, or fleece? Or undies and socks? How about toiletries? […] lists for Europe in particular. If you were following along last year, you’ll remember that I traveled to Ireland last April with just a backpack. It was hands down, THE BEST decision I’ve ever made. Creating a […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Booties Heels, Black Wedge Shoes, Colored Denim Jeans, Pumps Heels Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 17, 2012  Follow my blog with Bloglovin If you’re like me, you’ve been eagerly following the upcoming trends for Spring at New York Fashion Week. Unfortunately since I currently reside in Chicago, I was a bit removed from the action. However, I have pulled together some of my favorite looks unveiled from last week- and collection after collection had one thing in common- gorgeous prints!  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 JCrew fall collection-photo c/o Emily from Cupcakes & Cashmere   floral and tweed make the perfect combination at Sachin + Babi   Pretty Blue prints were a theme at Rebecca Minkoff   My personal favorite of NYFW Spring 2012- Rachel Roy’s new collection  So I know what you’re thinking- these new spring trends are all fabulous, but it isn’t spring yet. It’s not even winter yet. You have a lot of waiting to do before you can bust out the floral prints and hot pink. However- that doesn’t mean you have to wait until May to jump on the trend wagon. Below is a great example on how you can mix your prints, right now. What are your favorite print-on-print combinations?   Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Knit Turtlenecks, Off White Lace Dresses, Printed Blouses, Printed Jumpsuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 13, 2014  Happy Monday! Hope you had a fabulous weekend! It was a pretty good one here in Chicago. It was really nice to relax after what seemed like the longest 5 day stretch, ever. I think the first week back at work after the holidays can be typically filed under “worst week of the year.” Especially when paired with a snowpocolypse.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Luckily, the tables finally turned and the snow started melting thanks to a 39 degree heat wave that came through on Sunday! I figured that was a great excuse to break out my new tutu skirt I picked up at Topshop a couple weeks ago. It’s been way too cold to bear any skin at all these past couple weeks, so I was excited to be able to wear finally it for a shoot. This skirt brings an element of fun and sweetness to just about anything you pair with it. I love wearing it with knee socks! If you don’t have one already, I would highly recommend it be your next purchase!      Shirt: Zara (sold out, but similar below), Skirt: Topshop, Vest: H&M (similar below), Booties: DolceVita, Sunglasses: Ray Ban, Lipstick: Covergirl Lip Perfection in Hot Passion, Knee socks: Nordstrom   Shop Ballerina  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sam Edelman Flats, Long Black Maxi Dresses, Casual White Maxi Dresses, Tan Wedges Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 25, 2017     Coat: Canada Goose Shelburne Parka c/o Tuckernuck (Kelly has the navy version, which I also love!) Sizing tip: These run pretty true to size. I’m wearing an XS (but I usually wear a small), but I sized down, because I like my winter coats to be more form-fitting (because I don’t like looking like a marshmallow, and I’m too lazy to put on many layers anyway!) It’s snug, so if you like your coat to be more roomy, order your normal size! // Boots: Stuart Weitzman Lowland boots (but my favorite budget-friendly under $200 version was just restocked!) // Leather Leggings: old, but similar here (I’ve been wanting to get this Spanx version–they aren’t too shiny AND they suck you in!) here, and here (I think this version looks most like real leather, but only $79!) // Scarf: Vintage, but love this one, this one and this one! // Scalloped tee: Nordstrom–only $25 and is such a fun switch up from a basic tee! (Also comes in white!) // Grey Cardigan: Old, but similar here (I styled the camel version in this post!) and here (also can we talk about this FLUFFY one!?) // Lipstick: MAC Lady Danger // Hair: Curled with my Beachwaver curling iron + Oribe texture spray // Camera bag: Lo + Sons   Guess what day it is? Guess. What. Day. It. IS. (Is it just me, or do you love the “HUMP DAYYYY” Geico commercial with the camel walking through the office? Literally top 5 favorite commercials of all time.) Anyway, today is going to be a great one, because Kelly, Emma and Noodle are coming over! I try to get together with friends to “co-work” from time to time because sometimes working at home by yourself for days on end can get lonely, and also–cute baby smiles really help cheer you up when the weather is gloomy! Speaking of, I took these photos last week when I got together with Shaheen! We’re lucky enough to live down the street from one another, so we like to get coffee, go on walks, and sometimes run errands together! We both needed to go to Nordstrom so we got coffee at one of my favorite spots, La Colombe (well, she brought her own tea. I got coffee.) and jumped on the El. (Fun fact: Chicago’s version of the subway is called the “El” which was first invented during the World’s Fair and is short for “Elevated train.” In case you wanted a mini history lesson.) Another side note: These photos were taken across the street at Dove’s. Have you been to Dove’s Luncheonette? If you haven’t, you NEED to put it on your list. It’s so good. It’s a casual, trendy diner with a southwestern twist. The pazole and fried chicken are absolutely outstanding. So anyway, we had been planning to pick up a couple things at Nordstrom and shoot that day, because the forecast said 50 degrees and sunny (aka SUMMER) but then we woke up and it was cloudy and 35 degrees. (WHATTT?) Not THAT terribly cold, but to be honest, I didn’t really plan on shooting this outfit–so, this is a true “running errands” outfit for you  I’m wearing my two absolute winter mainstays that I pull on pretty much each and every day these days–my Canada Goose parka, and my Stuart Weitzman boots. (If you missed it, Neal surprised me with them for Christmas!! He is the best!) In December, I got the Shelburne Canada Goose Parka from Tuckernuck and oh my goodness, it has made such a difference. Winter is like a totally different ballgame with this coat. If you’re wondering if it really IS worth all the hype–I assure you, it truly is. (I also hadn’t purchased a new puffer coat since college. It was what one might call “poop brown”, and I was convinced a down winter coat could never be cute anyway, so why bother getting a new one? Haha! So, you could say this girl REALLY knows how to appreciate her Canada Goose parka!)  I walk everywhere and actually enjoy it these days, instead of counting down the seconds until I can get indoors again. Not only is it insanely warm, but it actually looks cute! I often wear it with just a tank and leggings underneath to walk to yoga (about a 10 min walk) and I’m never cold. No extra layers necessary. For sizing: I ordered an XS. I really prefer my coats to fit more snug and form-fitting, so I typically size down. However, if you like to leave room for layers, I suggest ordering your normal size! One of the coolest features about it (okay, this is dorky, I know, but I promise you’ll think it’s cool too)–it has straps on the inside, so you can take it off when you’re in a store or on the El (subway) and still keep it strapped to you. ….Or, in Shaheen’s case, it makes it REALLY easy to hold my coat while she’s shooting my outfit ;-P (This is real life.)    Another unforeseen benefit of OTK boots: They actually keep you REALLY warm! They’re like boot pants! How sweet is that?! I had been wanting this pair for years and Neal completely surprised me with them unexpectedly. Which I was very upset over, because we had agreed to not go crazy with gifts! (Granted, his birthday is coming up in a few weeks, so I’ll be getting him back ;-)) I have to tell you, after years of searching for equal dupes, there is nothing that comes close to the Lowland boots. I would sleep in these boots if I could–they look so good with everything and are so wonderful to wear out at night because they’re so fashionable, yet easy to walk in and so, so warm. (If they aren’t in the budget for you though, that’s totally understandable! I lovee this pair I got earlier this season–the only other ones that actually fit my calves snugly! They’re elastic in the back, aren’t thigh-high and don’t have the cute tie in the back–BUT–they still look FABULOUS and are way easier on the budget at $199! A total steal if you ask me! Anddd they’re waterproof!) Okay, unfortunately I’m up late night writing this post and it’s VERY MUCH time for bed. (Not to mention, I’ve had a charcoal mask on my face for the last hour and a half that I really need to wash off now. Probably not recommended. #Overkill.)  
    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Carly | The Clydescope says  January 25, 2017 at 9:04 am BOOT PANTS omg ahahahah 
Britney says  January 25, 2017 at 9:26 am Super cute outfit! Love that coat, and the straps are so clever! I have a puffer coat too, and it’s really lightweight. It’s not super adorable, but it sho ain’t ugly either.  Those spanx faux leather leggings sound amazing, and those boots look great on you. 
Rachel Spross says  January 25, 2017 at 9:52 am I love your puffer coat! The fur trimmed hood is super cute. It looks so warm too!  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Christina says  January 25, 2017 at 11:45 am Dove’s is AMAZING. Haven’t been in a hot minute…I’m due for a visit  Love the outfit. Christina | http://www.cuddlepill.com 
Devon says  January 25, 2017 at 11:13 pm Such a cute outfit! Loving those boots!!!  xo Devon  Seventeen Dresses  
The Vibrant Enthusiast says  January 26, 2017 at 12:17 am I love this outfit Jess! So cute yet it’s comfy, right up my alley!! http://www.thevibrantenthusiast.com 
Kristina Anderson says  February 4, 2017 at 9:32 am Lol, that’s what my husband looks like when I make him take pictures   Kristina does the Internets Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Cutout Dresses, Short White Dresses, Gold Flat Shoes, Lingerie Panties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 29, 2015   Glasses: c/o Warby Parker ‘Duval’ // Jacket: Old, but similar here and here // Dress: Equipment // Bag: c/o Vera Bradley // Shoes: c/o Nordstrom Rack // Bracelet: Shamelessly Sparkly // Necklaces: Helen Ficalora and Dogeared  As you may have seen on Instagram, I’m slightly ecstatic to welcome Warby Parker to their new home in Lincoln Park. After a year of a pop up studio, they’ve now moved down the street to open their permanent brick and mortar location, which I visited with Kelly a couple weeks ago. Total confession: The last pair of glasses I got was in high school. They were always way out of my price range. If I was going to pay that much for one accessory, it was going to be a pair of damn Monolos–not a pair of glasses! So when I heard that Warby Parker frames were less than $100 (with the lenses!) I had to get in there ASAP! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  We spent MUCH longer than expected in the new store–which is thoughtfully decorated with decor that pays homage to Chicago’s culture, and specifically, to the Lincoln Park area! The walls are customized with adorable maps of the different areas of Lincoln Park, and you can even pick up a custom map of the best places in the area to lay low, grab a cup of coffee, and read a book! (Also, if you’re wondering, these photos were taken with the in-store try-on frames with plastic lenses, the real ones don’t have a glare!)  With so many options, it took me about an hour to actually make a decision. The fun part is that they have a photo booth where you can take pictures of yourself in different pairs of glasses, to see which you like better! We had a little too much fun with it I think. (See below at our photo reel–even though I think I kind of look like the dad from The Wonder Years in the first one.) Their staff was also super helpful and very honest but nice when I tried to pull off glasses that were way too hipster for me (oops). I finally decided to go with the Duvals in Whiskey Tortoise! (My second choice were the Durands, which is what Kelly ended up getting, go figure that we almost picked the same ones!) If you want to pop in the store to shop for your own, you can either call your doctor and have them email you your prescription, or you can get an eye exam right in the Warby Parker store! Once I actually made a decision, it only took about 5 minutes to place my order, and I got my new glasses in the mail a week later! If you don’t live near a Warby Parker location, you can arrange a home try on trial for free! You pick your favorite frames from the site, and they mail them to you to try on for yourself! They also carry really cute sunglasses for $95, or you can get prescription lenses for $125! Plus, the cherry on top–for each pair of Warby Parker frames purchased, one pair is donated to a person in need. They’ve donated over a million pairs of glasses through their buy a pair, give a pair program. Shopping is always better when you’re helping others, right?            
 Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Sneakers, One Pieces Swimwear, Black Flats, Black Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 13, 2013  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 So, I hope you’re sitting down…because I have some news for you that is about to make your day a whole lot better, really. …..is the suspense killing you? Breaking news: my friends over at Shamelessly Sparkly have moved from their Etsy store to a brand new e-commerce site! The even better news for you? Well, to help them celebrate this big milestone, they’re giving all GG readers 15% off all necklaces, earrings and bracelets on the shiny new shamelesslysparkly.com. If you recall from this post and this post, I’m obviously a big fan. Be sure to check out two of my favorite new picks, the Kate crystal necklace and the Stella stone cluster necklace (both pictured above!) Go knock yourselves out. Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Pumps Shoes, White Pj Sets, Off Shoulder Black Dresses, One Pieces Swimwear and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 28, 2015     One of my top essentials for winter (especially during the holidays!) is the perfect plaid shirt. I honestly believe you can’t own too many. They’re a cozy staple that you want to pull on every day of the week–whether you’re dressing them up to go on a date, or wearing them with leggings and cozy slippers–you’ll want to take advantage of these 12 guys and gals plaid shirts from J.Crew and J.Crew Factory, on sale right now! (Some as low as $23!) Hint: I often buy men’s small’s instead of women’s–they’re so much more snuggly that way! Hurry to take advantage of these great though, deals only last through Sunday! Plus, see this post below for more great sales to shop through Cyber Monday!    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
     P.S. Want more holiday gift and shopping ideas? Have a flip through the Winter Guide E-Mag I made along with Kelly!  Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Tops, White Sleeveless Blouse, Brown Flat Shoes, Pink Bikinis and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 30, 2018     Dress: Moon River–runs TTS–Available at Nordstrom, Shopbop and ASOS (They all have different sizes in stock so check them all if you can’t find your size at one!). Hat: Similar here, here and I also have this one with a shorter brim–it’s so cute (way cuter than it looks online!). Sandals: Steve Madden–run TTS and come in ton’s of colors here! (Also love Sam Edelman’s “Bay” slides that are similar). Backpack: Madewell Somerset Leather BackpackCanvas (Comes in Black and as well as a smaller size). This was the BEST thing I brought to Italy! Happy Monday, everybody! I have to admit we didn’t take a lot of “outfit photos” when in Italy because we tried to truly be in “vacation mode” as much as possible. However, we did snap some photos before dinner while staying at Borgo San Felice in Tuscany. We had spent all day at the gorgeous pool sipping spritzes. It was seriously the best day ever. OH MY GOSH I cannot recommend this hotel enough. It was definitely one of the fanciest places we’ve ever stayed. We splurged and went all out because it was our “delayed honeymoon”. Honestly, it was one of the dreamiest parts of our trip. San Felice used to be a whole Tuscan town that was essentially deserted when the hotel took it over. It has a winery on-site as well as three restaurants and the most gorgeous pool setup you’ve ever seen, surrounded by Cyprus trees, olive groves and overlooking the countryside. I will do a full review of it in a post to come, but in short–if you can swing it, definitely do 2-3 nights at Borgo San Felice. If you book early enough in advance, you can definitely get a good deal as well that aren’t TOO astronomical. I probably wore this dress (available several places, I linked them all above so if they don’t have your size at one, check the others!) at least 6 times throughout the two weeks we were there–it’s really lightweight so it kept me cool, and the midi length was perfect because I never had to worry about it blowing up in the wind. I would highly recommend bringing several breezy midi dresses for this reason! They are perfect for everything from wine tasting to walkable through the vineyards, cocktails and dinner. I wore it at night with these slides (I wore these to dinner almost every night–comfy enough for walking a lot but I wouldn’t wear them to walk in ALL day–so they were great for night and also the pool/beach. Come on lot’s of colors!) I also wore this dress during the daytime to walk around with my white Jack Purcell sneakers and it looked just as cute! (Remember the Juxtaposition rule? It’s an example of a feminine + masculine combo that works so well!) Hands down–if you buy nothing else for your European trip (year-round), I really think it should be this backpack. It’s not too big but roomy enough to hold a giant DSLR camera, wallets, and a jacket/sweater. I wore it every day and night–I can’t recommend it enough! It isn’t super easy to undo either so I wasn’t worried about pickpockets–I also knotted the tie one time if I was in a busy crowd or just slipped the top handle through my arm and carried it close to my body. After a quick shoot and walk around the grounds, we headed to the patio area for al fresco drinks (my drink of choice was always an Aperol Spritz, Neal’s a Negroni–when in Italy!) and dinner. (Tip: Skip dinner at the Michelin star restaurant–it was one of my only knocks on the hotel–it was by far the worst meal we had in Italy ? their other restaurant is much better!) A ll in all though, it was one of our favorite experiences of the trip and we are dying to get back again. Take us back!!               Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Travel  
Yatri says  July 30, 2018 at 6:07 am Such beautiful photos! Its making me want to go on a vacay right now! Adore your dress too its super cute Yatri 
Allie says  July 30, 2018 at 6:22 am Beautiful outfit! We are going to Tuscany in two weeks, and this is just the type of packing inspiration I was looking for! I just got a hat like that too! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Jennifer says  July 30, 2018 at 11:05 am Jess your trip looks AMAZING! Daniel (my husband) and I are going to to Italy and just finished booking the experiences and tickets for the Florence/Tuscany leg of our trip and we’re SOOO excited! I’m definitely going to be picking up this backpack (was looking for a good backpack recommendation!), and would love to hear more about what shoes you actually walked around in during  the day! I’m still trying to land on what shoes to bring along!! 
Rebecca says  July 30, 2018 at 6:28 pm These pictures are stunning! I can’t wait for more pictures from the Italy trip. Rebecca
https://thegreenerproject.com 
Teresa says  August 4, 2018 at 3:17 pm Ahhhh, your post totally puts me in vacay mode! Love that dress and could 100% be drinking a spritz poolside in it right about now. :o) 
Sonny Annaguey says  August 14, 2018 at 10:48 am Great post! These photos are gorgeous, and i love the little tidbit facts you threw in there. It makes this article so much more interesting. https://www.onfashionshop.com/ […] Jess looks so gorgeous in these photos. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Up Dresses, Black Turtleneck Sweaters, Lingerie Panties, Embellished Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 25, 2018   Dress: Leith, comes in SO many colors! It’s actually the same dress that I wore here and showed you how to style four ways! Shoes: Soludos–also come in metallic gold, black, pink and yellow! and I am in an espadrille phase right now, I also just ordered these blush espadrille sandals (open toe!) which are the perfect neutral and are SO COMFORTABLE. I tried them on in a different color in the store but they didn’t have the size/color combo I wanted–at least I got to walk around in them and ensure they were super comfy! Blazer: J.Crew (more sizes available here) Sunnies: Ray Ban (these are the 53mm, they also come in a smaller 50mm size!) Bag: Madewell, sold out, wah! I can’t find anything like it, but I love this circle bag that is also by Madewell and this outfit would look so perfect with a straw bag like this one that is round and blush or this how cute is this one with the metal and leather handle?! Lip color: RMS Red by RMS Beauty Happy Wednesday, guys! Guess what I just noticed this morning as I’m sitting here drinking my coffee at my kitchen table? The trees are getting leaves!!!  Spring is here!! Spring is here!! I swear this happened overnight. Isn’t that funny how that happens? Speaking of Spring, and funny things happening, last week, when Hannah and I were shooting these photos, I was driving through the Gold Coast in our Zipcar we had rented for the day and we both looked out the window and screamed FLOWER BOXES!!!!  We couldn’t believe our eyes. It’s funny how you never really notice something is missing until you see it again, and realize that you’ve missed it SO. MUCH. That was me with hydrangea flower boxes. In the spring and summer, they line every sidewalk, especially in Chicago’s beautiful Gold Coast neighborhood–it’s always a magical time when they re-appear after months of winter hibernation. So, obviously, I pulled over our Zipcar and we flew out of the car and decided this was the perfect spot to shoot! I bought this dress awhile ago, actually, but have yet to have an occasion to wear it since the weather has been so cold! I often get questions on what to wear to a shower–whether that be a baby shower or a bridal shower, this would be a great outfit for the occasion. Let’s jump into details here: First thing’s first, what are you supposed to wear to a baby or wedding shower? My rule of thumb is, something you would wear to church with Grandma is usually a good outfit to wear to a shower. Most showers are primarily ladies-only showers, and of course, your friends will be there, but also moms, aunts, and grandmas as well. Of course, this doesn’t mean you can’t look cute or on-trend, you just need to make sure it’s tasteful. Don’t show too much leg (and if you’re going to, make sure you’re wearing something conservative on top) leave your ripped jeans, flip flops, or platform heels at home–go for something polished! Especially not a white dress–even worse, a LACE white dress. Those are exclusively for the bride! Probably my most embarrassing moment in history was when I went to one of my best friends bridal showers wearing a white eyelet dress–I had a work even beforehand that I had to wear the dress for, I was rushing to the shower post-event and COMPLETELY spaced on the fact that I should’ve changed into a NON WHITE dress. It wasn’t until one of my other friends called me out (in front of everyone, thanks Courtney) that I realized my error. I’ve never been more embarrassed in my life. Luckily the bride (also Courtney) is the kind of bride that doesn’t care about these kinds of things ? My friends STILL tease me about it years later and it’s still probably my most cringe-worthy moment of life. UGH. Anyway. Don’t make my mistake. Moral of the story–white pants with a colored top, white accessories are fine. All white? Off limits for bridal showers! Let’s move on. ?  You may not realize it, but you’ve actually seen this dress before–just in black! Remember my “how to style a shift dress” post? It’s this same exact dress! I loved it so much I needed it in a springy color! Head over to this post to see four more ways to style it! A few reasons why I love it–it’s on the short side, but not TOO short (I’m about 5’6 for height reference) and the cut is forgiving but not too loose, which makes it very flattering on a variety of shapes and sizes. I also like that the top is sleeveless and crewneck, so the neckline is on the conservative side to balance out the shorter hemline. Also, if pink isn’t your color, no worries, because this dress actually comes in tons of different colors, and even a few patterns! They just added the lavender one and I am DYING over it. So beautiful! Finally, if you prefer, you can definitely pair the dress with a classic jean jacket (or wear it alone, if it’s warm enough!) for a more casual look that is still perfectly suitable for any shower!   I’ve been in LOVE with espadrilles lately. These Soludos are especially great because they’re close toed, which means they’re more professional, can be dressed up more easily and are suitable for many work environments, too! (They’d look so cute with cropped trousers and this polka dot button down for the office, or paired with a breezy midi skirt for a summer party!) They are unbelievably comfortable–I wore them in Cabo on the boat cruise we took and out walking around all night after that, I never once thought about my feet!    I’ve actually had this white linen blazer for YEARS (more sizes available here– This double breasted one is so cute too!) and it has always been a summer staple of mine. It looks great with jeans and a tee, with a dress, and with business casual wear for the office. There is nowhere you can’t wear it! Because the dress is on the shorter side, to make it more suitable for an occasion like a shower, the blazer adds enough coverage to make it conservative but not frumpy, and the perfect amount of polish to make it appropriate for a shower! (Grandma will totally approve.) Because the blazer is linen, it’s the perfect match for the summery dress and espadrilles–a regular blazer wouldn’t toe the line as nicely and may look out of place!    Not at all! I love dresses, but nice jeans or trousers and a pretty blouse always work great. Here are some of my other favorites: Do you have to wear heels? Definitely not, but make sure whatever flats you wear are, again, nice flats. No sneakers, no flip flops. Heels are great options too, but make sure they’re not too high–you don’t want Grandma thinking you look like a “lady of the night.” A great “in-between” shoe that is cute, polished, and insanely comfy, is Everlane’s Day Heel. They are hands down my favorite shoes and I wear them SO MUCH. They come in so many different colors! Shop more “shower shoes” ? (see what I did there?)    I know “registry” gifts seem really boring, but it’s really preferred by the bride, mother to be, or for whomever the shower is for. Everyone has very specific and different tastes, so what YOU might personally think is lovely, the person receiving it might have completely different style, already have a duplicate of the item, or just simply not have enough space for anything that isn’t an absolute essential. This is why it’s always best to gift an item off a registry–something I truly did not understand until I became a bride myself. If you can’t find something you like on the registry, you can always go with a gift card to any retailer that she’s registered at, or a gift card to somewhere you know she’ll love–like Pottery Barn, or Williams Sonoma. A gift card paired with a nice, thoughtful card is always a wonderful gift to open! (It’s not boring, I promise!)     Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristina says  April 25, 2018 at 8:23 am LOL just bought the whole outfit – so freaking cute!! Kristina does the Internets 
Allie says  April 25, 2018 at 8:23 am I love the grandma rule! This outfit looks so polished and fresh without being rowdy. I love it! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Jackie says  April 26, 2018 at 11:21 am Such a pretty outfit and I love the color of the dress. Also I need those shoes in my life and don’t own anything like them. 
Ines says  May 29, 2018 at 8:03 am Cecil Beaton once said “Be daring, be different, be impractical, be anything that will assert integrity of purpose and imaginative vision against the play-it-safers, the creatures of the commonplace, the slaves of the ordinary.” You are so different and cool! Thanks for such great work! xo
by the way, I made a post on ways to wear white blazers these days, check it: http://onlywardrobe.com/womens-fashion/how-to-wear-white-blazers-in-the-office-and-in-the-streets/ 
Mike Dowdle says  March 21, 2019 at 7:45 am I must say its quite a good range of collections. You look fabulous in all dresses. Nice blog. Keep posting :):) Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Frayed Shorts, Straw Bags, High Waisted Flare Pants, Black Graphic Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 3, 2014   Quilted red coat: Barbour Lincoln Park // Tartan Flannel shirt: Barbour Lincoln Park (it’s mens!) // Jeans: Forever 21 // Boots: Zara (these and these are similar and way cuter!)  // Fishtail druzy bracelet: See Song Designs (c/o)  // Blue druzy, leather wrap bracelet and gold bracelet: The Golden Girl Stack (!) from Busywrist // *Note all Barbour items are available in-store only, but you can order them over the phone by calling the store at (773) 360-7926*  Okay, you know I chopped all my hair off, but I’ve done a LOT of pre-chop shoots over the past couple weeks, so bear with me until I get through posting all of those, okay?  They’re great — I promise! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  So excited to share one of my favorite shoots I’ve done to date. (Complete with lot’s of laughs from Noodle, who got to dress up in her own Barbour coat!) I fell in love with this little red jacket (I mean, everyone needs a red coat, right?) You also know I’m notorious for buying mens clothing, so I couldn’t resist this classic tartan (that’s special Barbour tartan, unique to the Barbour family, remember) flannel button down. I love oversized flannel shirts — I tied mine up at the waist to make it more feminine, and it pairs perfectly with my Golden Girl bracelet stack from Busywrist! I’m all about little details, and Barbour makes sure no details are overlooked, like the flannel tartan lining or the tiny navy piped accents of this jacket. (I’d buy everything in this store if I could. It’s a problem.) Speaking of, I’m so excited for our event tomorrow with Barbour in Lincoln Park! I’ll be there along with Ashlei, Kelly, and of course, Noodle, as part of the Lincoln Park Shop Hop, where all the shops on Armitage, Webster and Halsted open their doors for a night of amazing shopping, complete with food, music, and some amazing deals and prizes! Come shop local with us and knock out your Christmas shopping from 4-8pm. Hope to see you there! Photos by Kelly Larkin         Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tees, One Pieces Swimwear, Frayed Shorts, Black Flat Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 10, 2018   Shop the collage (from top left): Levi’s Wedgie Jeans (shop all Levi’s Jeans here), Madewell Transport Tote (shop all Madewell bags here–they are SO well made and one of my favorite brands to buy bags from!), BB Dakota Floral one-shoulder top (shop all BB Dakota here), Madewell Earrings (shop all Madewell jewelry here, so much cute stuff at the best price!), Solid and Striped Bathing Suit (shop all Solid and Striped bathing suits here), Sam Edelman Mules (Shop all Sam Edelman here), Splendid Striped Tank Dress (Shop all Splendid items here–everything they make is SO. COMFY.) Blank Denim Blue Suede Jacket (Shop all Blank Denim here), Madewell Denim Shorts (Shop all Madewell denim shorts here) One of the biggest sales of the year is here! It’s the Shopbop spring sale and there is SOOOO much good stuff that you can get for 25% off! I’ve already purchased several items that are perfect for all occasions this spring and summer–especially travel! The sale is only live through the end of the week, and the best stuff goes FAST, so to help you navigate the best deals of the sale, I’m rounding up my favorites in every category, plus sharing my own personal purchases! (I’ll be doing a try-on session later this week as well!) As always, with Shopbop, the more you buy, the more you save. To get the best savings, go in together with your friends so you can take advantage of the maximum discounts! When: April 10th, 2018 – April 14th, 2018 What: 20% Off Orders Under $500, 25% Off Orders of $500 or More Use Code: EVENT18 at checkout I love linen blends for summer because they’re super cool and give off that perfect effortless vibe. I know this one is going to be perfect for so many occasions–from vacation and travel, to the lake house, to casual summer date nights. I can’t get enough mules lately! I’ve been wanting a casual white pair for a year now and I’m so excited that I finally pulled the trigger on these! I was between these and this pair, but ultimately went with the pair I did because they looked more comfortable and classic. I’ve been seeing these everywhere lately and since they’re made by Splendid, it was a no-brainer adding these! Splendid makes the comfiest shoes and I’m going to be wearing these on repeat this summer. They’ll look so cute with jeans, shorts, dresses, rompers, jumpsuits, and basically everything, haha! I may be most excited about this little wrap dress. Bella Dahl is a total throwback brand that I used to wear in my younger days–they always use the softest material so I’m hoping this dress will be the same! I love that it’s black but it’s more of a worn color which makes it less formal and more effortless. I’ll definitely be living in this one for our Italy trip. I actually fell in love with this jacket when I saw it at a boutique in Memphis this weekend, but I didn’t pull the trigger. I was SO excited when I was browsing Shopbop on Sunday and found it was sold there! It’s the most beautiful color and it’s classic while being colorful at the same time. I love that you can pair it with pretty much anything to add a pretty pop of color! I love this sweet little dress that can be dressed down with a jean jacket (or the blue moto jacket!) or dressed up with heels! It’s feminine and effortless–always my two goals in any dress! It would be so cute to wear to a baby shower or if you’re a bride, your wedding shower or even your bachelorette party! SaveSave Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Marry says  April 12, 2018 at 3:23 am Promotion seven days 
Marry says  April 12, 2018 at 3:28 am http://www.pahajim.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tees, Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Tan Blouses, Black Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 30, 2015   Have you ever gone digging under your bed for one pair of shoes, only to discover another that you had completely forgotten about altogether? That’s what happened to me about a week before I left for Ireland, and it occurred to me that old vintage equestrian lace-ups would be the perfect pair for the trip. They did, however, need some major TLC and a mini makeover.  I didn’t have any shoe polish on-hand, but did you know that an oil-based wood floor cleaner works great to shine up your boots? Wipe them over with a damp rag to clean off any dirt, and then follow with a bit of Murphy Oil soap to make them shine. I learned this trick through my years of horseback riding as a kid, where we’d always clean our boots and tack with it! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 After your boots are cleaned up–(this is fairly straightforward here)–just swap the old laces with a color of your choice. I used red because I love the combo of bright red and black–a classic color combo (I believe we probably have Christian Louboutin to thank for that!) and it puts an interesting twist on a basic outfit. I purchased these laces in red from Allen Edmonds (a menswear store, but was Neal’s suggestion–they have a ton of different colors!) and also got them in blue and black. I really like these, too! Just make sure you get the extra long version for boots!    All done! You now have a brand new pair of boots. I love new boots, especially when they’re free!  This trick would work just as great for a pair of old oxfords, too! Filed Under: DIY, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Mules, Platform Black Heels, Black Pump Shoes, Blue Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 14, 2018   Hi guys!  Excited to mix it up with another fun gift guide today–gifts for the adventurer! We all have a few adventure-seekers in our life–whether that’s an avid traveler, hiker, camper, the friend who is always planning her next cool yoga retreat, professional tailgaters, your brother who plays 4 intramural sports–whatever! You know they don’t want to open *another boring sweater*–so what DO you get them?  Enter REI Co-Op (they’re REI Co-Op now, not just REI–FYI). They are FAR more than just an outdoor “gear” store (growing up in Oregon, you tend to do a lot of shopping there ?) They have so many cool gifts, so I hope this helps you narrow down something to get that one thrill-seeker that is typically so hard to shop for! (Granted, most of these aren’t JUST for outoorsy types–I own many of these items myself!) Let’s jump in!  Yeti Cooler Bag: My friend Alicia brought one of these on my BFF Kate’s bachelorette party this summer, and I was FLOORED at how amazing it was. It seriously will keep drinks cold for a WHOLE WEEKEND. It is such a must for anyone who likes boating, camping, tailgating–whatever!  Compression packing cubes: For the avid traveler who likes to pack light–I REALLY need these! You load in your pants and shirts and zip it closed and it compresses it flat–not just good for saving space, but for keeping your bag organized, too!  Packable Yoga Mat: This would be such a great gift for any yogi, especially one who is planning to go on a retreat. Yoga mats are so awkward to carry around, and this one folds up so nicely to fit in your bag! (Great for any yogi who also happens to commute in general!)  Patagonia Better Sweater: They make these for men and women, and a better sweater has actually been on my list for years, I’ve just never gotten around to getting one! I love how they look (casual but stylish and cozy) and everyone raves about how warm they are! Patagonia is one of those brands that everyone loves–whether they’re a city dweller or an avid hiker.  Hikers gift box: For the friend, neighbor, or family member who loves to hike. Who wouldn’t love opening this fun little box to make their next hike extra special?  Yeti Rambler: I freaking LOVE. THIS. THING. I love the rambler because I can drink coffee in it (who needs the handle?) but also drink water, cocktails, la croix, whatever out of it–and things stay hot or cold! I am ALL about Yeti. (Other good gift ideas: Yeti wine tumblers, or of course, the classic coffee mug.)  Sorel Caribou boots: For anyone who needs to survive a midwestern (or northeastern) winter–or basically anyone who plans to encounter a solid amount of snow, Sorel boots cannot be beat. They are the best of the best. Also, they aren’t just practical, I think they happen to be some of the cuter snow boots out there. They will last FOR-EVER!  Spike Ball: Have you heard of Spike Ball? Neal got it for my nephews last year and it was such a fun gift (and a way to bring the whole family together and get them away from their video games!) It’s really easy to play, but very fun and addictive! Great for kids and adults! (And a great game to play on the beach or camping, too!)  REI Camp Mug: Who WOULDN’T want this cute mug? This is a perfect gift for your outdoorsy brother in law who is probably sick of you getting him socks. (Just saying.)  National Park Pass: OK I’ve mentioned this a couple times in various gift guides over the past few days because I think it’s such a cool gift and so relevant to ANYONE who loves traveling and the outdoors. You can give someone this national park pass and it’s good for admission at any national park or monument!  Hydroflask: My sister got me one of these years and years ago, and I still love it. (Again, one of those things that you’ll have around for decades.) Like the Yeti, it’s a water bottle that keeps your drinks super cold. It’s especially nice to bring with you on a trip, or keep in the car (if you’re in the car a lot) because you’ll never be out of water, and it always stays cold!  REI Classes: Speaking of hikes–did you know that REI offers classes? I didn’t! From skills to group outings, they have so many cool things to check out–getting someone a gift card toward one of these would be so cool and memorable. (Not to mention, a great way to meet new people, too!)  What do you think? Were these fun? REI is such a great place for gifts for any adventurer, I hope this gave you some fun ideas!  Thanks to REI Co-Op, an awesome source for cool, unique gifts, for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 110% my own!  Filed Under: Holiday, Jess' Picks, Style  
Jessica says  December 16, 2018 at 12:56 am Such great suggestions!  The Parks pass is a wonderful thing, and thanks for promoting our Nat’l Parks.
The compression packs were a real life saver to me this fall.  We moved overseas, and while we definitely did NOT pack light (been living out of a suitcase since June…our household goods are finally getting delivered next week!) the cubes allowed us to cram a LOT of stuff into our suitcases, and kept it organized.  I honestly do not know how I lived without them before!
This is, hands down,  the best gift guide I’ve seen this year on any blog…well done, Jess!  I want (or already own!) every single thing on this list. 
Tori-Leigh says  December 16, 2018 at 8:14 am The park pass is the best thing! I’m getting it for my sister for Christmas since they’re going hiking this year and her entire REI wishlist has already been purchased!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop High Waisted Flare Pants, Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Graphic Hoodies, Gowns For Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 10, 2015   Rain boots: c/o Sorel // Sweater: Purchased in Ireland, but similar here, here and here // Plaid button down (technically Neal’s): J.Crew (love this version too, only $32!)// Glasses: Warby Parker “Duval” // Jeans: Henry & Belle (Sold out, but Similar here or here (under $50!) // Bracelets: J.Crew (which is 30% off right now with code THURSDAY) and Busywrist.    There are so many things I love about living in Chicago. You might call me crazy, but I really do love the fact that we have all four seasons. As a girl who grew up in Arizona half of her life, I can’t say I experienced too many seasons in my days in the desert.  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

But luckily for me, Chicago comes with all KINDS of weather–rain, sleet, and snow. That’s why I was pretty excited to finally get my hands on TWO pairs of Sorel boots this season! (More on the other pair later! Okay fineeeee, I’ll tell you–they’re these ones.)  These riding/rain boots are the perfect pair to weather the winter. They’re super warm, insulated and waterproof–perfect for a rainy day (or not!) I love the look of the leather upper, which makes them a nice breath of fresh air from your standard rubber boots! They are also going to come in really handy up at the lake house this season–perfect for walking through the trails in swampy woods.  (Also worth noting if you live in Chicago–Sorel has also just opened a brand store at Westfield Old Orchard where you can shop these boots, as well as all of their fall and winter styles!)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

And, on to the rest of the outfit–what pairs better with rain boots than a plaid button down and chunky wool sweater? This sweater might top the list as favorite ever souvenir, purchased in Killarney on our Ireland trip. (Take me back!) It’s actually a men’s sweater, size small. I love the look of oversized fisherman’s sweaters, so the guy’s department is the first place I go to! Same with this flannel, which is actually Neal’s! I love that it’s loose and oversized. (Ideal for the holidays when I seem to be eating everything in sight, yes?)    
Shop this post:    Shop other Sorel favorites:   Want more Sorel inspiration? Follow them on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter & Pinterest!   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Public Lives, Secret Recipes says  December 10, 2015 at 8:19 am Glasses are too cute!! Thanks for sharing! xo
http://publiclivessecretrecipes.com/2015/12/holiday-snow-globe-cake.html 
Jess says  December 10, 2015 at 10:02 am Thanks lady!! xoxo 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  December 10, 2015 at 9:11 am I love your outfit and these boots – plus I want those glasses. Let’s go to Sorel soon!  Shaheen | Lows to Luxe 
Jess says  December 10, 2015 at 10:02 am Old Orchard Field Trip!  
Maggie says  December 10, 2015 at 10:32 am Love the glasses girl! I have some very similar ones too 
http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Kelly in the City says  December 10, 2015 at 9:48 pm You are the absolute CUTEST. I love the sweater (#takemeback) and those Sorels are a must for Chicago winters! So cute! Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  December 11, 2015 at 8:02 am these boots are awesome! maybe good morning dog-walk boots?! 
angela sum says  December 13, 2015 at 1:58 am those boots are very very cool!  Love the look! […] c/o Vineyard Vines // Boots: c/o Sorel Slimpack Riding Boots (also see them here) // Scarf: Vintage // Gingham shirt: Old, but similar here (on sale for $38.50!) // Earrings: […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Platform Black Heels, Printed Pants, Heel Booties, Green Coats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 24, 2014     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
     Bracelet stack: Busywrist (c/o) // Jacket, sweater, and hat: Barbour, Lincoln Park // High waisted jeans: Forever 21 // Fishtail bracelet: See Song Designs // Booties: Pour La Victoire (c/o) from TJ Maxx (similar) Happy Monday! I’m pretty giddy this morning, because I’ve got some pretty exciting announcements to make over the next couple days! Eeek! First up: GG’s got her very own stack of bracelets! Yes, how freaking cool is that? It’s actually named The Golden Girl stack! (Pinch me, please.)  But the coolest part? It’s made by one of my new favorite local jewelry designers, busywrist. Not only do I want to wear every bracelet on their website, but founder, Megan Koranda, is maybe one of the coolest girls I’ve ever met. You know those people that you meet every so often and you just feel like you’ve been friends forever? That’s Megan. And I was SO excited when she asked me to collaborate. Turns out she and Neal went to high school together, too! Small world, right? Megan is a total girlboss, and started her accessories company right out of college in 2011, knowing she had to bring her passions of jewelry design and graphic design to life. What was once a side hustle is now an amazing career. (She is certainly a busy girl, so the name is quite fitting, isn’t it?) The idea behind busywrist is to express your style by mixing, matching, and stacking as you please. So let’s talk about the GG stack already! Well, the second I walked into her studio, I practically jumped on this giant blue druzie and started calling her Cookie Monster (she’s huge and blue, obviously). Megan evidently shares my dorky sense of humor as well, because the name stuck. And I clearly had to make it the focal point of the GG stack. She was the Blue Beyonce (which in hindsight, is probably a much better name than Cookie Monster). And let’s not forget the Kelly and Michelle — the leather weave and the little gold stretch bracelet (genuine 10K gold!). Together, they are, for lack of better words…the best thing ever. If you want to purchase the GG stack for yourself, or for a holiday gift (hello, best gift ever) head over here! For a special 15% off discount, enter GOLDENGIRL15 at checkout! And while you’re at it, be sure to check out my interview with Megan on her blog! Shop this look:  Photos by Kelly Larkin Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pumps Heels, High Rise Skinny Jeans, Embellished Sandals, Slipper Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 3, 2017   Dress: B.P. (this one is nearly identical and I love this similar off the shoulder mini dress version. If floral isn’t your thing, this lace-topped black midi is beautiful–all are on sale!) Leather Jacket: Halogen, runs TTS and is SO soft and comfy! Similar jacket here, here and here all on sale, too. This amazing suede moto jacket is still in stock, too! Shoes: Steve Madden (this pair is similar and has the cutest studs in the back–on sale!) I also love these open toed booties that would look so cute with it and are the perfect transitional shoes! Clutch: B.P.(under $50!) this version is on sale, too! Earrings: Kendra Scott (I love these gold tassel earrings too, which are on sale!) Initial necklace: similar here but this one is on sale! Gold bracelet: c/o Monica Vinader–also on sale! Happy almost Friday! Okay I’m technically publishing Friday’s post on Thursday night early because… guess where we’re off to at the crack of dawn!? Boston–for Neal’s cousin’s wedding! (Hooray Mike and Allison!) I’m so excited! I haven’t been to Boston since I went on a field trip in 5th grade while studying the Revolutionary war. It was insanely cool then, so I can’t imagine how much more fun it’s going to be as an adult! If anyone has any suggestions on what to do while we’re there, we are all ears! We’ll be wrapped up in wedding festivities over the weekend, but we’ll be staying through Tuesday to explore the downtown area on Sunday and Monday! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

The rest of the week as a bit of a blur–I feel like the wedding stuff ebbs and flows, so I’ve been pretty sidetracked with that a lot lately! I’m also trying to schedule a few posts ahead of time so I don’t have to go totally dark over here during my wedding and honeymoon! In other news–this weekend is also the final stretch of the Nordstrom Anniversary sale! It ends on Sunday night, and prices go up on Monday, so if you’ve been putting off perusing what’s left, now is the time to do it! I’m wearing several on-sale favorites in today’s featured outfit, and also rounding up a few select favorites when it comes to shoes, clothing, and accessories. (Scroll below!) There is still a ton of awesome items in stock, so it’s definitely worth checking out to complete your wardrobe for fall! My favorite part about Nordstrom is that there are always no-hassle returns, so when in doubt, I usually buy two sizes to ensure I don’t miss out on an item because it sells out before I can exchange it for a different size! Even if you aren’t looking for fall clothes, they have a lot of great fall shoes (more on those below!) work wear, and activewear, too!  Like many items, this slipdress keeps going in and out of stock, so if you click and only see one size, definitely keep checking back! I usually like to go a size down in slipdresses because they don’t really have a shape, so I think it’s more flattering for them to be a bit tighter vs. loose–here I’m wearing an XS. I’ve been lovvvinngg the dark florals lately because you can wear them now and later in the fall, too! Here are more favorites: My favorite Monica Vinader bracelet is part of the sale and makes the perfect gift (if only to yourself!) You can also take it to any Nordstrom store and have it engraved! I also get sooo many questions and compliments on my dainty gold initial necklace, and there’s a very similar version on sale as well.   There are soo many good leather jackets on sale right now, including the one I’m wearing here! I’ve had my brown leather jacket for years (it was a gift from my mom when I was studying in Italy) but I had never quite found the perfect black leather jacket. I wanted one that was really lightweight, but still warm, buttery soft, with clean, classic lines–and I FINALLY found it. It’s on sale right now for under $200 and it’s a total dream. I know it’s still summer, but I’ve already pulled it out for a couple cool nights and it makes me soo happy to wear! Here are some other favorite leather jackets that are part of the sale: 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 There are quite a few great pairs of transitional sandals and peep toed shoes that are part of the sale! I absolutely love these adorable block-heel, suede, studded sandals! They come in two different colors and the suede makes them the perfect transitional shoe to wear into the fall. Here are more picks as well:    A few favorites to note–these high-rise Rag & Bone skinny jeans and my leather jacket are probably my favorite buys of the sale! Both run true to size. My absolute favorite trench coat by London Fog is also included in the sale, and it’s one of my favorite purchases of all time (I bought it right before my trip to London, but lucky you that it’s on sale now!) I also love my faux leather leggings and wear them all the time during the fall and winter. Mine are years old, but this pair from Spanx has amazing reviews (and I mean, they’re Spanx, so they’ve got that amazing control top, too!) Finally, how beautiful is this ruffle cocktail dress with the teeny-tiny straps? It also comes in black and would be perfect for a fall or winter wedding! The best part? It’s under $50!   A few items to note–the Madewell tote (shockingly!) is still in stock in several colors! (You know my love for this bag!) There are also so many cute scarves and wraps that are still in stock–lot’s of plaid and I love this cheetah version! I also love these cute canvas initial bags, which are great for travel or even for a bridesmaid gift! Last but not least, this waffle cashmere wrap is SO SOFT it feels like a combination of butter and your favorite childhood baby blanket. (Weird?) It’s still in stock in all colors and is perfect for travel too! (Hello–built in travel blanket!)   A few favorites to note–the Blondo OTK boots–they stretch in the back (and happen to look just like the Stuart Weitzman 50/50 boots!) so they hug your calf for that beautiful fitted look that is hard to accomplish with other OTK varieties (especially if you have small calves!) They are also waterproof suede–how amazing is that? The other black booties, the Sarto ankle booties, I absolutely love. The reviews say these run narrow (although I didn’t experience that problem!) but they do come in a wide version–so make sure to pay close attention at checkout to make sure you order the right width for you! My final bootie purchase was this pair of grey Halogen stretch booties (also come in black) They are really comfy due to the round toe and they look really cute with both jeans and dresses! The Sam Edelman pumps are also amazing. I have a nearly identical version (mine are slingbacks, but the shoe itself is pretty much the same!) They make really great pumps that are really versatile–you can wear them to work, out to dinner, or even to a wedding. If you’re looking for a great staple pair, these are wonderful!   This post is sponsored by Nordstrom, one of my favorite retailers! All opinions are 100% my own. Thank you for supporting the partnerships that keep GG up and running!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristina Anderson says  August 3, 2017 at 8:27 pm Have so much fun in Boston!! I’ve actually never been, but I’m hoping to get there soon! Kristina does the Internets 
Jessi Afshin says  August 3, 2017 at 8:38 pm So many great picks! Have a fun trip! That dress is so cute on you  -Jessi
http://www.thedarlingdetail.com 
Tia Perciballi says  August 3, 2017 at 9:01 pm I can’t wait to read more about the Boston trip! We’re going to Boston Labor Day weekend, and then I fly back to Chicago and head back to Boston the following weekend for a class at Harvard. I’m looking for stuff to do! 
Melanie Beatus says  August 4, 2017 at 9:17 am Jess – you have to go to Neptune Oyster. I went in April and waited two hours (sat at the bar across the street). It is well worth it. The butter lobster roll is amazing as is all of the craft beers. 100% worth the wait!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Ivory Wedding Dresses, Modest Dresses, Frayed Shorts, Leather Watches and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 18, 2019     Dress: Nordstrom (only $50!) Runs true to size–wearing XS–I’m 5’6 for height reference! I’ve never heard of this brand (called Row A) before, but I LOVE it–they make the cutest dresses that are all like $49! Heels: Halogen–under $100! SO comfy–run TTS! Jean jacket: J.Crew, but Madewell and I love Everlane’s as well! Moto jacket: French Connection–I’ve worn this SO much lately–it’s so incredibly comfy and soft! It runs TTS. BlankNYC also makes great ones that I highly recommend! (I own them in two colors!)  How was your weekend!?  Mine was very uneventful–I pretty much just worked the whole time to try and get ahead of schedule on everything that needs to get done before I head to Montana for my best friend’s wedding in a few days! It was more of a “I slept in and got up and went for a run to Humboldt Park on Saturday morning” and THEN started working sort of way–so it was still really nice! (Luckily I love what I do so it doesn’t feel like WORK work.)  You know sometimes you have those seasons of your life that are really great and exciting but so hectic and crazy that you can’t even remember what you ate for lunch that day? (Wait, turns out you forgot to eat lunch…)This is one of those seasons. ? I so appreciate your understanding with my slower posting frequency last week–I’ve got a LOT of great posts coming your way this week though to make up for it! ? I’m going to be traveling a lot at the end of the month (Montana this week, Phoenix the following week, and Guadalajara the next–with like one to two days in between ?I’m so excited, but slightly overwhelmed. ?) Sooo there might be a couple more lighter content before we get back to normal–thank you for bearing with me! In earlier years, I would’ve run myself ragged trying to pre-write and schedule weeks worth of posts, but that’s just not realistic right now with everything else I’ve got going on. However, I will definitely be posting a lot on Instagram stories, so make sure you’re following me over there!  Anyway–on to today’s post! I’m SO excited to share this adorable dress with you today, along with two jackets that I pair with pretty much every dress I wear. (I get quite a few questions on how to style moto jackets and jean jackets–so I’m happy to announce you’ll be seeing both of those today ?).  First, let’s talk about the dress! It’s no secret that I’m a big fan of dresses–any outfit that is a “one and done” kind of thing, I am ALL about.  I’ve never heard of the brand that makes it before (it’s called “Row A“) but I stumbled upon it on Nordstrom and I’m pretty sure it’s the best kept brand secret ever. I feel like a lot of their dresses look like Reformation, but they’re all $50! ??I particularly love the pretty green color, dainty pattern, neckline, and billowy sleeves of this dress. It’s one that you’ll pull out again and again year round. (I wore it out to dinner the other night with black tights and black booties!) Let’s be honest I probably should’ve posted this BEFORE St. Patrick’s Day but, what can you do? ? Hilarious side note: Okay, did you have a Bitty Baby when you were a little girl? If so, did you have the beach outfit? Because doesn’t the color/pattern on this dress remind you of it!? ?Is it just me!? It’s such a cute dress though! ? Shop similar cute spring dresses:    I have been wearing this jacket so much lately! As you guys know, I’m a huge fan of moto jackets and leather jackets. I think they’re the perfect thing to pair with feminine dresses, because it adds the perfect amount of contrast–a bit of edge to juxtapose the girliness of the dress. (Remember the Juxtaposition rule? This is a great example!) The one I’m wearing here is so soft AND it’s on sale! It’s a little bit on the pricier side though (although still under $200!)  Shop other similar neutral moto jackets:    I love my jean jacket from J.Crew–(Madewell and Everlane also have really great jean jackets!) Like the moto jacket above, it contrasts the sweetness of the dress so nicely–but it dresses it down to feel a bit more casual. This outfit would also be super cute with white sneakers or my favorite flat sandals!   Photos by the wonderful Heather Kinkel–I would highly recommend her if you need a Phoenix photographer! She was not just a dream to work with, but one of the coolest, nicest humans I’ve ever had the pleasure of working with. Thank you Heather!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Pumps Heels, Red Rompers, Black Leggings, Flat Silver Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 19, 2014   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Lately it seems that every holiday in America is remembered and commemorated with a day of discounted online shopping. MLK day is no exception to that rule! It looks like all of our favorite online retailers have jumped on the three-day-weekend-sale bandwagon.  What better way to spend a Monday off of work than an online shopping sesh in your PJ’s. You won’t want to miss these awesome discounts- hurry, most deals only last through Monday!  Asos: 20% off all regularly priced items with code GOLONG Ann Taylor: Up to 70% off sale items B-Glowing.com: 35% off all T3 styling tools like straighteners, blow dryers, curling irons and curlers! Banana Republic: 40% off any purchase with code BRSAVE40 Bloomingdales: Save 20%-65% off online and in stores, plus take an extra 15% off with code TAKE15 DVF: 20% off select regularly priced and sale items with code JANUARY20 Forever21: Up to 50% off sale items with code EXTRA50 Joe’s Jeans: 30% off with code DENIM30 JCrew: Additional 40% off sale items with code FUNSALE Macy’s: 15% off everything! Additional 10% off Home department. Use code WKND Old Navy: 30% off $100 or more OR 20% everything! Use code SAVEMORE   Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Candles, Workout Leggings, Fashion Jewelry, Printed Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 2, 2019   If I had a nickel for every time I got this question–I would be a RICH WOMAN. ?? Finally–much like the situation in when I FINALLY decided to do a very necessary comparison of the Everlane market tote vs. the Madewell Transport tote–I decided enough was enough. A blog post on this topic is necessary!  Let’s finally get to the bottom of the debate: ARE the Zella Live In Leggings REALLY just like the Lululemon Align leggings but half the price? Which pair is better? Which is better for which situations? Types of workouts?  We’re going to answer allll of those today. ? To kick us off–let’s answer some of the most important questions first:  Short answer: No! I don’t know why anyone says this. ? I do not think they are remotely the same–even though they’re often touted as being interchangeable. Also, I don’t think either are “better”–they’re just different! Which is the point of this post today! (Please note, this is a comparison between the two brands LEGGINGS only!)  I will tell you this–I love BOTH brands, the leggings that they make, and I think they both deserve a place in your wardrobe. I don’t think there is one clear winner here, but my goal for this post is to compare and contrast them so you can make a decision on which is best for you!  Again, I think both are great when it comes to quality. So if your quality workout clothes are falling apart in the wash, it’s because you’re washing them wrong. You need to be washing your nice workout clothes only with each other–when you wash them with other items (cotton, sweaters, etc)–particles come off of those items and stick to your workout clothes. This is what leads to pilling. You also need to wash them in cold water–hot water ruins ALL.  Also, hang them dry. DO NOT put them in the dryer. Yes, some people who work at Lululemon will tell you that you can dry them, but if you really want them to last a long time, not fade, not pill, you should hang them to dry. I do not dry anything that I care about or anything of value in the dryer–ever. The dryer is for sheets, towels, underwear, and pajamas. Read my whole laundry post here.   I absolutely LOVE Lululemon leggings. I received my first pair of Align leggings (worn above) as a gift from my dad probably close to a decade ago. They have held up beautifully. (Again, read above re: laundry). I think the sizing on these is more forgiving than most Lulu stuff, which runs very small. They are insanely stretchy, so you don’t have to size up AS much as usual–it really just depends on your preference. I’m a size XS or S usually and I pretty much wear a 4 across the board in Lulu pants. (Granted, I wear a 6 in tops!)  For a recent partnership with them (this post!) I tried out The Everlux In Movement leggings (worn below). I also really loved these–but they’re different and definitely thicker and hold you in more than the Align leggings! The Everlux leggings are made for high impact, but they are still really soft and stretchy, unlike many other HIIT leggings which can feel too constricting at times. I wear these when I do Orangetheory AND when I run outdoors. They are awesome. I’m also going to be trying out some of their running leggings in an upcoming partnership, so stay tuned for a review on those! ?? I don’t think any other brand makes leggings that feel and perform like Lululemon. I don’t mean that as in Lululemon leggings are BETTER–I mean they are UNIQUE. Honestly, I think they feel most like “second skin” than any other brand–they are softer…for lack of a better term, more “buttery” than other brands.  I think the Align are best for light impact activity and running errands, etc. Honestly I really only wear them for everyday–like a chicer substitute for sweatpants. I choose more supportive leggings for working out, but they’re ideal for travel if you want something you can wear on the plane AND to yoga or hiking or something, if that makes sense.  The Align pants are also often referred to as their “naked” pants–I think they were called this maybe back in the day, but they REALLY do feel like you’re not wearing pants. They are unlike any other legging I’ve come across! The Zella Live In Leggings are WONDERFUL, and they are also significantly less expensive, but they feel NOTHING like the Align pants. If you asked me to name the most comfortable all-purpose pants I own, my first answer would likely be “LULULEMON ALIGN LEGGINGS!!!”   You are going to pay more for Lululemon leggings. I think it obviously depends on your budget, but I think they are exceptionally well-made and are worth the investment should you have the money and desire to invest in them. The average pair costs $98–obviously, they’re on the high end of the price spectrum, but again, this is not one of those instances you’re only paying for the name brand–you’re also paying for the feel and performance.  Lulu leggings come in different lengths–I know pant length is an incredibly individual preference, so it’s nice that they come in crop, 7/8 length, and full length! (I’m 5’6 for height reference and both pants I’m wearing above are the 7/8 length–which is slightly cropped.) Overall, their stuff runs REALLY small, so just go in knowing that you likely should size up at least one size in everything. They only go up to size 14, but since their stuff is so small, that really is only equivalent to a size 12. This is very frustrating and something I very much hope they will change in the future, but luckily, Zella DOES make plus size leggings!   I love love Zella! They are one of my favorite athletic/athleisure brands out there. The most popular Zella leggings are called their Live In Leggings which, again, are the type that are most often compared to Lululemon’s Align leggings. However, I would actually say they are more similar to Outdoor Voices leggings than they are to Lulu’s. Zella leggings are far thicker! (The one’s I’m wearing above are the full length and I’m 5’6 for reference.) They come in high and medium rise as well as different lengths, granted, not nearly as many color combinations as Lulu does. I wear a small in the Live In Leggings–I’d say if you’re in between sizes, go up, not down. (An XS would’ve been a littttlee too tight for me.)  Zella leggings, again, are thicker in general, so I would not typically reach for them for something like hot yoga, running outside on a hot day, etc. However, they are great for something like Orangetheory–and of course, general errand running, weekends, etc. Zella leggings, due to their thickness, are going to naturally be more forgiving than align pants–if that’s very important to you.  The Zella pair I would say are MOST like Lululemon leggings are actually Zella’s Hydra Leggings! (Hydra leggings shown in the first photo of this post. Note, these are probably the only Zella pants where I wish I’d gone with XS, so size down!) The Hydra Leggings are still very different from Lulu’s– they’re perforated for extra ventilation and they don’t *look* the same–they just feel a bit more similar–light, and more buttery, if you will!) These are the Zella leggings I’d say are best for hot yoga!  Huge kudos for Zella for being size inclusive and making their leggings in plus size! (Their plus size options are not nearly as extensive, so obviously there is room for improvement, but still–a big step in the right direction!) I think we can all agree that more brands (especially when it comes to activewear) need to provide more inclusive sizing, so it makes me happy that Zella is doing so! Also, so many of you raved about Zella’s maternity leggings–but I actually can’t find them on the site anymore! If you’re pregnant, keep an eye out for them–maybe they’ll bring them back? I hope they do!  Another point for Zella. In general, Zella leggings are less expensive (almost half the price of Lululemon leggings) I just did a whole review on Zella activewear in this post, so definitely check that out if you want more in-depth details of each type of Zella legging (or are interested in tops/sports bras!)  Overall, you truly cannot go wrong with either brand here. If you do have the budget and wear leggings a lot, I think you’ll definitely benefit from adding both brands to your wardrobe! (I absolutely love having both!) But if you do have to choose, I hope this post was helpful!   Of course I love Zella and Lulu, but Lolë is my other favorite brand when it comes to workout leggings. (No, I don’t JUST love them for packable jackets!) Overall, I really love that their leggings are thinner while still being supportive. (I.E. You won’t overheat in them!) I will say I pretty much strictly wear these for working out–I would typically reach for Lulu Align or Zella Live In leggings if I just wanted a plain pair of black leggings to wear out and about for non workout purposes. (Granted I have not tried Lolë’s basic black leggings–I will try to give those a test run and report back for you!)  Favorite Lolë leggings:  I think their Cayo leggings are the most unique and hands down the best for hot yoga–they’re made of this super thin (but sturdy) swim-like material that is great for outdoors–especially around water. (Paddle boarding, beach yoga, anything outdoorsy!) They are made of the ideal material to feel “barely there” and keep you cool! Whenever I’m in hot yoga and I’m wearing tight, thick pants, it makes me feel claustrophobic, so these are my go-to’s! I will also wear the Cayo leggings to OTF on a hot day (can you tell I HATE being constricted/hot? ?) but I will say if you are a huge stickler for a ton of support, they aren’t going to be your #1 choice for a HIIT workout. These pants are also made from recycled fishnets (but they don’t feel like it, haha, I promise!)–how cool is that!?  If you also want a pair of HIIT/running leggings that are more supportive but still thin and not overly thick/restricting, I also love their Sierra leggings! They run big though, so size down. (For example, I’m a small in Zella but XS in Lolë Sierra leggings). I wore them in this post if you want more info on them! Their Burst leggings (styled in this blog post–also pictured above) are also AMAZING–I probably wear this pair to work out the most because they’re my favorite for OTF! Again, they’re thin, but super supportive and stretchy at the same time. They also have a “coolmax” gusset–meaning, no sweaty crotch issues. Let’s not pretend that’s not a problem with light colored workout pants. ? I also love that they have lot’s of zipper compartments which come in handy for running outdoors. I wear an XS in these for size reference!  (Now this has me thinking, maybe I need to do a whole post dedicated to different Lolë workout leggings as well, haha! What do you think?)   Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style  
Caitlin says  April 2, 2019 at 2:58 pm They always have Zella leggings at the Nordstrom anniversary sale too! So then you can get a REALLY good deal http://Www.themilestraveled.com 
Corissa says  November 25, 2019 at 1:32 pm They also carry the maternity Zella leggings our poster said she couldn’t find anywhere on their site (I don’t think she looked that hard) 
Victoria Chan says  April 2, 2019 at 10:49 pm This post is so extremely helpful!! 
Via says  June 9, 2019 at 8:43 pm I totally agree, honestly I love lulu lemon more but I love Zella’s bras. 
Constantino says  November 1, 2019 at 10:47 am Hey, so im trying to buy nice leggings for my girlfriend byt im sure which to get ger? She usualyy just leggings for at leaisure instead of working out. Can anyone help? 
Corissa says  November 25, 2019 at 1:25 pm Did Lululemon pay you to write this post? Because if this was a comparison of the two pants you missed the mark. The format of listing all the things you love about Lululemon coming first with absolutely no mention of the Zella leggings except to say they’re inferior until you scroll down about an essays worth of Lululemon propaganda before the actual review of Zella comes up. This doesn’t compare them. You actually said that another brand was more like Zella, which isn’t helpful when trying to figure out what the actual differences between two particular pants are. Seems like you’re just a Lululemon snob and had no intention of actually comparing the two in a way that didn’t seem like you were trying to have us click on a Lululemon affiliated link (since the bulk of the article praises them and it comes first, most people will give up before they see the links to the cheaper stuff) and you’ll make more money if someone picks the more expensive Lululemon product. Seems like sponsored content to me. 
Corissa says  November 25, 2019 at 1:30 pm Just to ask again if this is sponsored content, but in the section where you determine which does better in the washing machine…. You don’t even bring up the Zella leggings in a section that supposedly is to compare the way two pants hold up after being washed repeatedly. How is that a comparison? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Leather Watches, Fashion Jackets, Platform Black Heels, Colored Denim Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 4, 2015   Happy Labor Day weekend! It’s finally here!  It’s our last chance to soak up what’s left of the summer, and with that–comes our last chance to score major savings before the (wait for it…) HOLIDAYS.  Yes, that’s what I said–your last chance to score anything on major sale before BLACK FRIDAY.  Seriously though, where has the year gone? Here are some of my can’t miss sales going on throughout the weekend!  First and foremost, if you live in Chicago and you’re up for an amazing day of shopping, pop over to Union Station and take the shuttle to the Chicago Premium Outlets in Aurora!  As I mentioned yesterday, I got the chance to go to Chicago Premium Outlets earlier this week to get a sneak peak (and snap a lot of pics, obviously) of what the stores will be offering for their huge Labor Day Sale!  I’ve never been a gigantic fan of outlet malls, but I was blown away by this one. I kept forgetting I was in an outlet all together. The merchandise definitely wasn’t dated (a common theme seen in too many outlet stores) and the stores were all so clean, well-merchandised, and organized! Plus, you can grab a VIP coupon book for $5, which allows you gain even more savings! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I’m CPO’s Facebook and Twitter all weekend, so be sure to pop by as I dish all the details on the best deals to score  Not in Chicago this weekend? No worries, keep on scrolling’ lady, because I got you covered for online shopping, too!   Anthropologie // 30% off sale 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Code: EXTRA30 Apartment Number 9 // 15% off entire purchase Code: SUMMER15 Date: Ends 9/7 Banana Republic // 40% off your entire purchase Code: BRFALL Ends: 9/8 BaubleBar // 50-60% off select styles Date: Ends 9/7 Bloomingdales // save 20-70% on select items Date: Through 9/7 Club Monaco // 40% off sale and clearance Code: NOTOVERYET Date: Ends 9/7 Gap // 40% off everything Gilt Group // designer accessories up to 80% off Date: 9/3-9/7 Hotels.com // $50 off when you spend $300 or more (book by 9/7/15, travel by 9/30/15) Code: labor50 J.Crew Factory // 50% off everything Date: Ends 9/7 J.Crew // 30% off your order of $125+ Code: GETSHOPPING Date: Ends 9/9 Kate Spade // 25% off all sale items Code: Delight Date: Through 9/7 LOFT // 30% off fall arrivals plus and extra 50% off summer styles Madewell // take 30% off fall essentials and an extra 30% off all sale styles Date: Ends 9/7 Nordstrom // save up to 40% on sale items Date: until 9/13 Old Navy // up to 60% off everything Priceline // book by 9/16 and save up to 25% off select hotels. Save an extra 10% of already discounted express deals hotels when you book a hotel on Florida’s west coast Code: WFLBEACH1 River Island // 25% off everything Code: LABOR2515 Saks Fifth Avenue // up to 75% off the summer sunset sale Date: Ends 9/7 Victoria’s Secret // $15 off $100 order, $25 off $150 order, $50 off  $250 order Code: fall 2015 Waiting on Martha // 15% off the entire store Code: LABORDAYHOORAY West Elm // 10% off 100$ or more 15% off $250 or more 20% off $500 or more Code: SAVEMORE Date: Ends 9/7   Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Alias ThePoster says  September 4, 2015 at 8:54 am I mean. Could you be any cuter? 
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  September 4, 2015 at 9:55 am These pictures are so stinkin’ adorable. I LOVE the Chicago Premium Outlets in Aurora – it’s usually a must-go place for me when I’m back in Illinois visiting my parents. Glad that you enjoyed it, too! 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  September 4, 2015 at 12:43 pm Cute photos!! Enjoy your long weekend! Her Heartland Soul
http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Jessica Lynna says  September 7, 2015 at 8:35 pm I wish I would have gone to CPO this weekend!! My wallet is happy I didn’t though  looking fab as always! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pumps Heels Shoes, Black Leggings, Soludos Espadrilles, High Waisted Flare Pants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 25, 2017   Slip Dress: Splendid (under $100!) also comes in olive green and navy! (Sizing: Loose, so if you prefer more fitted, size down. I’m wearing a small here but probably could’ve done XS) I also love this slinky satin slip dress for $45–it comes in light pink, black, and grey, too! Love this cute floral version, too! // Shoes: Loeffler Randall Piper Wedge Sandals (also come in a low block heel (I’m thinking of getting for these for my wedding shoes!)–also, $79 twins here!) Similar scalloped heels here for $69, which also come in nude! Scarf: old, but have you seen Banana Republic’s scarves? They’re SO cute and affordable! Ann Taylor has a bunch of adorable ones, too! // Hat: Hinge (only $29! You saw it styled here on my LA trip and here on my London trip too!) Happy Tuesday!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Speaking of Tuesdays, (or, you know, days in general)… WHEW man, you guys. I’m having one of those weeks where I have absolutely no clue what day it is. Blair and I had a busy weekend in Dallas at the RewardStyle blogging conference and we are still exhausted from information overload! We learned so many great things this year that I’m excited to implement to make your overall experience reading this blog even better!  Also, can I just take a minute to fangirl? Guess who I met while I was there? My favorite blogger EVER. Joanna from Cup of Jo! It’s a rare occurrence when I get nervous going up to introduce myself to someone (I also have zero interest in celebrities of any kind, so this was probably the biggest fangirl moment I will ever have) but I legitimately started BLUSHING I was so excited to meet her. She was the most normal, down to earth, sweetest person ever and sounded genuinely flattered [and weirdly not creeped out] when I embarrassingly told her that I’ve been reading her blog for the majority of my adult life and said things like, “Oh is your husband watching Toby and Anton this weekend?!” (10 out of 10 on the stalker scale) but getting to chat with her and her equally sweet and down to earth team at Friday night’s cocktail party was the icing on the cake for a great weekend!
var OX_rewardstyle = OX();OX_rewardstyle.addPage("537067486");OX_rewardstyle.fetchAds();OX_rewardstyle.showAdUnit("538817492");  I had also never been to Dallas and did not expect it to be so beautiful! I imagined it to be more similar to Scottsdale, but I was so wrong! I wish we had been able to stay longer! The first night we got dinner at Dolce Riviera (which was sooo good. Get the fettuccine bolognese–it’s to die for!) and then at Mi Cocina, a Dallas staple, on Saturday night. I’m going to be craving Tex Mex every day for the next week! Chicago girls–do you have any Anyway, let’s chat details for today’s outfit! The real star of the show: the slip dress! Ba da daaaa!   Do you own a slip dress yet? If not, it’s a really classic, versatile piece that might help solve a lot of those “what the heck do I wear to this thing?” moments. Here I’m wearing this slip dress by Splendid! What I love about the slip dress: you can wear it to pretty much any occasion–to brunch with sneakers, to a daytime date with flat sandals, an upscale romantic date night with a pair of heels, or even to a wedding! It also knows no boundaries when it comes to seasons–in the winter, wear your favorite coat or sweater over it, in the spring, a light jacket with a scarf and hat (ahem) or the summer, with–let’s be honest, you don’t even need to wear anything else with it. It’s great just by itself!  I also think scalloped sandals are having a moment. The Loeffler Randall pair I’m wearing here are borrowed from Blair, but I’m thinking of getting their Emi sandals for my wedding shoes–reason being, the heel is lower (I can’t be crying over my feet on my wedding day!) and wider (minimum grass sinkage at our outdoor venue!) What do you guys think? (Also, I know both pairs are on the pricier side, but this pair and this pair are so similar for under $100, if you’re on a tighter budget!)   If you’ve been following this blog for any extended period of time, you probably have caught on to the fact that I love silk scarves. You can wear them so many different ways, and they add a very chic, sophisticated touch to anything you pair them with! Banana Republic has so many cute ones right now in particular–have you shopped there in awhile? Admittedly I haven’t either, but their newest stuff is SO. DANG. CUTE! Ann Taylor has a bunch, too!    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristina Anderson says  April 25, 2017 at 8:40 am Lollll I probably would have had a similar conversation with Joanna too, although I’d want to know if Toby had been on any cute dates lately/when he’s starting his own fashion blog  Kristina does the Internets 
Diana Pearl says  April 25, 2017 at 9:07 am Haha, I would have freaked out over meeting Joanna too! Love her blog (and yours!) This outfit is so cute, I love adding a silk scarf to anything. Such a chic touch. x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
CelebratingthisLife says  April 25, 2017 at 2:00 pm I love the look of a slip dress with a silk scarf, such a fab touch! Such a cute fangirl moment, glad you get to meet her! xx Rox-Anne Celebrating This Life 
Britney Crawley says  April 25, 2017 at 2:45 pm Such a pretty dress! Love it with the scarf, and those sandals are so fun! I love the scalloped straps. 
Everygoodthingblog by Melissa says  April 25, 2017 at 9:22 pm Gah! So jealous you got to meet Joanna! That’s awesome, I would totally have a fan girl freak out moment too!!! […] always admired the neck scarf look on Jess. She always seems to make it feel fresh, modern, and super chic–with Parisian girl ease. So […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

   Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 18, 2019   Today’s style lesson is sponsored by Nordstrom and ShopStyle. All opinions are 110% my own!  Sweater: Topshop c/o Nordstrom (Runs TTS, wearing small) ; Skirt: Halogen c/o Nordstrom (runs TTS, wearing XS) ; Booties: Steve Madden (I think they’re TTS but some say to size up!) Bag: Treasure + Bond (sold out, but similar here!) Earrings: Old, but similar here  Happy Wednesday!  Ummm…we leave for Spain today!! I can’t believe time has flown so fast, it feels like we just booked the tickets yesterday! I cannot wait– but man, has it been a CRAZY few days trying to get ready for vacation!  I’m excited for today’s blog post, because several of you have told me you want to see more fall skirts on the blog but that sometimes it’s tricky to figure out how to wear them–– that’s where I come in! Today, we’re going to dive into JUST that– how to wear a midi skirt with a chunky sweater, and how to make the look work for you!  Big thanks to Nordstrom, one of my favorite retailers, for sponsoring this post! They have a really great selection of midi skirts right now, so I thought they would be the perfect sponsor to bring this “style lesson” to life! They are my #1 for so many reasons–free, easy returns, the buy online, pick-up in store feature, and free alterations! (Also, check your Nordstrom notes credit–if you bought anything during the Nordstrom Anniversary sale, you likely have rewards dollars to spend! )     First thing’s first, the star of the show…  This skirt is made by Halogen, which is one of my favorite Nordstrom made brands. They make such classic pieces that are super versatile and easy to wear for so many occasions. (Sizing: I’m wearing XS and think it runs true to size!)  I love this skirt in particular because it’s one of those fall essentials that can transition seamlessly from “date night” to “workday” with just a swap of accessories. The look you see here could totally be work appropriate, but is also perfect for dinner as well! I think the silhouette of this skirt is particularly lovely and flattering!  Speaking of classic staples, it doesn’t get more classic than a chunky knit off-white sweater from Topshop. I love that this one has a fisherman-esque vibe but is a little bit chicer. I will definitely be wearing this with jeans a lot this fall and winter as well! Sizing: Runs true to size, I’m wearing a small.  I LOVE these Steve Madden booties. They are great to wear with longer skirts in particular because the almond toe really elongates the leg and I think where it hits the ankle is a really flattering height. (Not too short, not too high!) B.P. also makes an identical pair for less, if you’re looking for a more budget-friendly version!    You should always strive for a balance of “sweet” and “spicy.” Just like food! Sweet= things that can be more conservative, more feminine, more girly, and spicy being things like heels, something form-fitting or edgy, showing a bit of skin. If you have too much sweet, your look can be boring and frumpy. If you have too much spice, your look might draw attention in a way that makes anyone over the age of 19 cringe–if you catch my drift.  This works with EVERYTHING, but especially as it pertains to midi skirts, because midi skirts are A LOT of sweet–therefore, you need some spice to balance them out!  Midi skirts can be a lot of fabric–which means they can sometimes feel “frumpy” or “dowdy.” If you’re worried about too much fabric, a midi skirt like the one I’m wearing here can be a good choice, whereas, a pleated midi skirt may add too much bulk to certain body types. On the flip side, a pleated midi skirt can be a fantastic choice because it moves beautifully and has more of an A-line shape, that can create more of an hourglass figure if that’s what you’re going for. Overall, I think the more fabric there is to a skirt, the more “sweet” it is, therefore, you need more “spice” to balance it.  Because, again, the length of a midi skirt can sometimes lend itself to feeling frumpy, I think the best rule of thumb is to always gravitate toward pairing it with a heel, particularly one with a pointed toe because this elongates your legs. (Thats’ why these booties are so great!) On the flip side, flats with a rounded toe can easily make your legs look cut off. To tie this back to our lesson–guess what the heel is? SPICE! Guess what ballet flats are? SWEET. You don’t want sweet and sweet. You want sweet and spice–yes?  Additionally, remember, what you’re wearing on the top of your midi skirt needs to compensate for how long the skirt is. For example–the skirt I’m wearing is long and straight. The sleeves of this sweater are also long and straight. It basically just looks like I’m wearing rectangles. This look is too much sweet and not enough spice. BUT, by simply rolling the sleeves of my sweater, it shows a bit more skin (i.e. SPICE) and changes the proportions to look to take it from frumpy to intentional and chic. Showing just a bit more skin=adding a hint of spice. Crazy what a difference it makes, right?  Outfit feeling too bulky? Look what a difference rolling sleeves makes!     Shop this post and similar favorites:       Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Graphic Sweatshirts, Black Swimsuit, Short Sleeve Blouses, Workout Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 8, 2019   Dress: Madewell (available at Nordstrom and Madewell but is on sale at Madewell!) Runs TTS! This print also comes in a Midi dress version as well as a top and midi skirt! Sneakers: Tretorn (run TTS) Purse: Amazon! Best find ever! Not the best quality but duh, it’s $15 White Jean Jacket: old, but love this Topshop version!    Happy Monday! We have a BU-SY week ahead of us coming off the long holiday weekend. It was so much fun to unwind at the lake and spend a lot of time in the sun with family! Hitting the ground running this week though, are you ready for this agenda? (Pray for me.)  Tomorrow is my 31st birthday, and also the huge launch of Beautycounter’s Countertime “Retinatural” collection–AKA their clean version of retinol! I’ve been testing it out over the past few weeks and I think you guys are going to LOVE IT. If you’ve been looking for a clean anti-aging line, this is it! Tomorrow night we’re going to early dinner and then Les Miserables opening night! I’m SO EXCITED! It’s my favorite musical and I’ve never seen it on Broadway! Wednesday at 6am we leave for California for my BFF Kai’s wedding! (Remember her? She’s the one that owns the awesome catering company, Littlevent!)  Amidst the wedding festivities, the Nordstrom Sale launches on Friday–so I’m hoping to get to a nearby Nordstrom in San Diego to test drive some favorites to share with you guys, so I will be working around the clock with that in between bridesmaid duties! I’m honestly exhausted just writing this–but busy is a good thing! All amazing things coming up!  Anyway–let’s jump into today’s blog post! Today’s topic: styling dresses with sneakers!  Wearing sneakers with dresses is something I once thought “wasn’t for me”–it was a combination that felt “too tomboyish” or “too trendy” and often times “too frumpy”–what was I doing wrong? Why couldn’t I make it look good?  Then I discovered the staple that is the classic, white sneaker, and I realized that I had just been pairing the WRONG dresses with the WRONG sneakers all along. Turns out, it’s an adorable combination that ANYONE can pull off! Today, I’m sharing a few tips if you’re also needing a bit of sneaker + dress inspo as well!   If you haven’t read this blog post on the Juxtaposition Rule, it basically breaks down the #1 most important style rule that exists, at least in my book. Once you figure this out–putting outfits together will come FAR more natural to you.  Essentially, it’s the idea of mixing together differing styles to result in a visually interesting outfit. The kind of outfit that you can’t quite put your finger on why you like it so much–it’s by no means loud or over the top (granted, you’re welcome to make it that way, if that’s your thing) but when I do this–it’s classic, but with a twist. Think of it this way–to make a great cocktail, you need contrasting ingredients, right? To create the ideal balance, you need the right amount of sweet to sour–too much of one thing, and it’s either boring, or downright undrinkable! The same goes with clothes.  So, let’s relate the Juxtapositon rule back to the task at hand: styling sneakers with dresses. Here are some tips that will help:   This is the easiest rule to follow. One of the biggest complaints I get from my ladies who try and fail at styling sneakers with dresses is, “I just feel frumpy!” To that my first answer is, “you’re probably wearing the wrong sneakers” and the second is–go with shorter hemline–like the one on this dress!  Let’s go back to the cocktail reference again. If your outfit is a margarita, your hemline is JUST the right amount of tequila. The amount of skin you’re showing is the tequila–a little leg creates the perfect balance. Too much leg and your drink is too strong (and your Grandma will tell you that you look like a lady of the night). You feel me?  Little details like ruffles or tiny, feminine floral print contrast nicely with more tomboyish sneakers for the perfect happy medium between the two. Cocktail, remember? Feminine vs. Boyish creates the right amount of balance! The dress I’m wearing here:  Love this little Madewell number (available at Nordstrom and Madewell but is on sale at Madewell!) As you’ll notice, it happens to hit on both of the “leg” and “feminine” rules at play here–but can you just go with one or the other? Absolutely! A feminine midi dress (this one comes in midi version!) would also look just as lovely as a dress with a shorter hemline.  I love this dress for so many reasons–the wrap silhouette is always one of the most flattering necklines around. It pulls the eye downward and nips in at the waist–emphasizing your figure! I also love the sweet print and button details! All in all, it’s a dress that’ll look just as cute with sneakers as it will with flats, sneakers, heels, and even booties when the weather starts changing!   OKAY–here is where people often get into trouble–pairing the wrong dresses with the wrong sneakers. What you want to look for is a classic, crisp, white sneaker. The right sneaker is a blank canvas and chameleon–they can be preppy, feminine, edgy, fashion-forward, and classic all at once. Here are my two favorite pairs:  Tretorn Sneakers: You’ve likely seen me wear these shoes A LOT unless this is your first visit here (in that case, WELCOME!) but I basically haven’t shut up about the canvas Tretorn sneakers since I bought them earlier this winter. They are so comfortable, require ZERO break-in, and they go with everything. They’re a little preppy, a little retro, but 100% classic.  Jack Purcells: These are what my Tretorns replaced–I had worn them into the ground, on multiple European adventures, and they were my white sneaker of choice for many years. I love them as well! I will say if you’re debating between the two, I think they’re both fantastic style-wise, but Jack Purcells do require some break-in, just as a heads up.   Allbirds: I get this question a lot, and I LOVE my Allbirds. (I have two pairs!) Can you wear your Allbirds with dresses? YES–but–it’s very hard to find the right dress to wear with Allbirds. The dresses that go with Allbirds are going to be your very basic cotton t-shirt dresses, like this one from Everlane! I don’t think they will ever look good with a feminine dress.  Everlane Tread sneakers: I also get asked which white sneakers are my favorite between my Tretorns and my Everlane Tread sneakers–and I can’t choose a favorite! I love them both SO much and I wear them with different things. Like Allbirds, they are too sporty/chunky looking to go with feminine dresses for me–I say this because they definitely WOULD but that’s one of those ugly fashiony things that isn’t my style. Cool for some people, not for me personally. That being said, I still wear my Tread sneakers ALL the time and I cannot sing their praises enough! But if you do want to style them with a dress, again, like the Allbirds, go with something very minimal and casual–otherwise it looks a little “try hard” in my opinion.    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney Crawley says  June 9, 2017 at 8:57 am Cute look! Some of today’s styles really remind me of the 90’s and I think the sundress and sneakers combo is a total nod to the past. You’ve done it so well here! Also, I really loved your IG stories with photos of your favorite wedding bands. So exciting! Loving the look of a delicate band. 
Jessi Afshin says  June 9, 2017 at 9:10 am I love this dress and sneakers combo! So cute and it looks comfy too! xoxo
Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Rachel Spross says  June 9, 2017 at 9:24 am I am in love with the sneaker trend! I love this pair, especially paired with this fun little dress! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ […] thegoldengirlblog […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Blouses And Tops, Grey Long Sleeve Tees, Bralettes, Sam Edelman Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 10, 2015  
1. DipSticks Dares & Jokes Table Game // 2. Monogrammed Moscow Mule Mug // 3. Match book // 4. Marble & Wood Hexagon Cutting Board // 5. Dish Towel // 6. Gold Polka Dot Ice Bucket // 7. Marble Cheese Board (Under $50!) // 8. “The Neighbors Have Better Stuff” Door Mat // 9. Luxe Hexagonal Tray // 10. Believe in  Your Selfie throw pillow // 11. Gold Glitter Party Antlers // 12. “Booze” carafe // 13. Kate Spade drink tags // 14. Le Creuset Dutch Oven // 15. Marble Cheese Knives // 16. Gold Pineapple Tumbler I’m pretttyyy excited for this special bonus post today because gifts for the hostess/cook are my absolute favorite goodies. I have to confess, I selfishly want every single one of these items for myself! Whether you need an affordable gift to bring to your Christmas party (for the hostess, literally) or you’re just looking for a present for someone who absolutely adores to cook and entertain, (or, fine, you’re totally shopping for yourself–NO SHAME!) there is definitely something on this list for everybody!  I love party games! No matter who you’re hanging out with, it’s always fun to have a game or two on hand to keep people busy either during dinner or after dinner. My family and I started playing silly games together recently and it’s been so hilarious. It makes Christmas Eve so much more fun!  I have to be honest, I don’t like Moscow Mules, but I want to like them SO BAD because of the adorable copper mugs they come in! I want a set so badly just for fun. (I mean, you can serve other things in them, too!) Plus, they look great as a decoration on a bar cart. With the monogram, they’d make such a cute newlywed Christmas gift!  Matchbooks are the perfect little addition to a bar cart. (Something that a true hostess takes great pride in.) This would make such a cute pair with a bottle of champagne or holiday card.  There isn’t anything I don’t love about this cutting board! The combination of the marble and wood is a perfect combo of classic and rustic. Plus, it would work great as a serving platter as well! It looks so much more expensive than just $34!  For the sarcastic, cynical hostess, I’m not sure there could ever be a funnier gift. Don’t we all know someone with this type of dry sense of humor? HIL-ARIOUS.   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Gold Polka Dot Ice Bucket ($54) For the ultimate girly girl, there is the gold, polka dotted Kate Spade ice bucket. Again, how perfect will it look on your bestie’s bar cart?  SWOON. I just love everything marble. I’m not sure if there is a more chic surface (substance? material?) out there to make cheese boards out of. If you love someone, you should really be getting them a marble cheese board. (Extra points if you also buy the cheese to go on it. YUM.)  From one of my favorite shops, Waiting On Martha. I love the idea of a cheeky doormat, it makes the cutest impression on your guests before they even get inside of your home!  For the cook or hostess who has the best, timeless taste–she will always cherish this gorgeous tray!  For the Instagram obsessed hostess–how hilarious is this throw pillow!? Do I need to say more? It’s not only funny, it’s downright adorable.  What better way to get people in the holiday spirit than handing out gold party antlers? Whether you’re the one throwing the party, or you want to bust them out at the Christmas Eve soiree you’ll be attending, they’ll definitely make for some cute photos!  I just. Need this in my life. And I’m sure someone else you know does too.  These whimsical drink tags will ensure nobody mixes up their beverages. (Which, lets be honest, once I’m a cocktail or two down, I can never locate my drink to save the life of me!)  One of my 2016 goals is to buy myself a white Le Creuset dutch oven. Then, I’ll feel like I’m a real grown up. (Cough. Unless someone wants to buy it for me before then.) Just sayin. But in all seriousness, this would make another amazing newlywed Christmas present, or for the recent grad who loves to cook and just moved into her first grown-up apartment. (Ideas!) What goes better with marble cheese boards than marble cheese knives? I love this little set of three, plus it won’t break the bank, and would make a perfect stocking stuffer!  Gold and Pineapple, there was never a cuter combination. Really, nobody doesn’t love gold pineapples. Especially when you can serve cocktails in them. I mean, come on.    Shop this post:       Filed Under: Holiday, Shop  
angela sum says  December 13, 2015 at 1:57 am This is such a good idea for a post cause I always end up getting bad cookies 
i love the cutting board, that’s so cool! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gowns For Sale, Wide Leg Jeans, Lace Bralettes, Wedge Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 6, 2018   Coat: Everlane Cocoon Coat c/o (comes in lot’s of colors!) Runs TTS. Pants: c/o Everlane easy pants–come in lots of colors! Run TTS! Boots: Everlane Day Boots–come in lot’s of colors! I also love the look of their Chelsea boots! Sweatshirt: Everlane fleece sweatshirt c/o (made from recycled plastic bottles!) Runs TTS. It comes in crewneck as well as a half-zip! Messenger bag: c/o Everlane Scarf: Mango (I got it in Portugal!)  Hi guys!  First of all, thank you all for your sweet words on stories–I am definitely feeling better and my cold is improving–THANK YOU! I got a little rest and a facial at Leah’s yesterday (btw if you mention my name when booking you get 30% off!) and I’m feeling a LOT better! It’s pretty much just a light cough at this point–definitely liveable, haha!  Second–today we’re back with another little style lesson–it’s one I’ve been playing around with a lot recently, because I’ve been wearing this fleece sweatshirt from Everlane a LOT and have been experimenting with all the different ways I can style it. We usually never think of being able to “dress up” or “class up” a sweatshirt, if you will–but with the right sweatshirt, it’s totally doable and results in a very comfortable, but very polished outfit!  This is definitely an outfit I would wear to meetings in the winter and while I fully acknowledge that a lot of people can’t pull of wearing sweatshirts at work, a lot of you who work in more casual/creative fields certainly can!   (Can you tell it started snowing when we were snapping photos!?)  The key is to get a solid crewneck sweatshirt–to me, crewnecks are just a lot more classic and much more versatile than something like a hoodie or a half-zip. Everlane makes  a few different crewneck sweatshirts, but the one I’m wearing here is part of their ReNew line–each sweatshirt is made using 35 recycled plastic bottles! Isn’t that so cool!? The line is part of their larger initiative to use only recycled plastic in their entire supply chain by 2021. How amazing is that? You can learn more about the ReNew initiative here! Incredible clothes AND incredible impact!  So–you’ve got your cute sweatshirt, right? Now, it’s time to play around with the pants you pair it with. Because the sweatshirt is super casual as it is, in order to dress it up a bit, you need a dressier pant! Whenever you guys ask me for cute, comfortable pants that are good for work, Everlane’s Easy Pants are always my #1 recommendation. They’re great for outside the office as well because they don’t look too “officey” –they’re super cute dressed down with sneakers, and are great for travel!  Plus, if you saw my post on how to wear ankle boots for work–you know how obsessed I am with these booties! They are so incredibly comfortable and are one of the few pairs of boots that you can dress up enough for work! Reason being–they’re very sleek and minimal. A lot of other boots are chunkier and not as refined, which makes them too casual to dress up for an office environment that isn’t “jeans and a t-shirt” kind of casual.  The #1 question I get is, “how do I wear cropped pants and booties without my ankles freezing?!” You can TOTALLY wear socks! In fact, I think it adds a nice, more interesting twist to your outfit! Choose a complimentary sock color and don’t be afraid to show them off!   It’s no secret that I LOVEE a good chic camel coat. I love how minimalistic this one is (I think t’s actually my first coat from Everlane! Two thumbs up!) It’s one of those coats that really adds to your outfit instead of just being an afterthought. (I know someone will ask, of course, no, it’s it “Chicago in February” cold”–I wear it when I want to look cute and I’m taking an Uber/not walking too far!) If you live in a more mild climate, you’ll get a ton of wear out of this throughout the winter!   Finally-you know I can’t resist a good scarf! I picked this one up on our trip to Portugal (I owe you my trip recap, I know, I’m working on it. Travel guides take SO long!) I love that it adds a pop of print to the outfit as well as extra warmth. The red lip (wearing ‘Gala’ from this mini lipstick set–full review here!) is the cherry on top!  Also–this bag (called “The Form Bag“) is such a great gift for anyone who is looking for an all-purpose bag. (Recent grad going into the workforce? A busy mom who needs her hands free?) The strap adjusts so it can be as short as a shoulder bag or as long as a cross-body messenger bag! Plus, it fits a laptop, too! See all it’s features here!    Join the Newsletter  SubscribeMy three-step checklist to creating a versatile, cohesive wardrobe      30 example outfits to inspire you      Style lessons to show you how to style your trickiest wardrobe staples, and more!.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] *{font-family:"Helvetica Neue",Helvetica,Arial,Verdana,sans-serif;box-sizing:border-box;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"]{-webkit-font-smoothing:antialiased;-moz-osx-font-smoothing:grayscale;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] legend{border:none;font-size:inherit;margin-bottom:10px;padding:0;position:relative;display:table;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] fieldset{border:0;padding:0.01em 0 0 0;margin:0;min-width:0;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] body:not(:-moz-handler-blocked) fieldset{display:table-cell;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] h1,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] h2,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] h3,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] h4,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] h5,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] h6{color:inherit;font-size:inherit;font-weight:inherit;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] p{color:inherit;font-size:inherit;font-weight:inherit;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][data-format="modal"]{display:none;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][data-format="slide in"]{display:none;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-input,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-select,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-checkboxes{width:100%;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-button,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-submit{border:0;border-radius:5px;color:#ffffff;cursor:pointer;display:inline-block;text-align:center;font-size:15px;font-weight:500;cursor:pointer;margin-bottom:15px;overflow:hidden;padding:0;position:relative;vertical-align:middle;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-button:hover,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-submit:hover,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-button:focus,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-submit:focus{outline:none;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-button:hover > span,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-submit:hover > span,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-button:focus > span,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-submit:focus > span{background-color:rgba(0,0,0,0.1);}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-button > span,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-submit > span{display:block;-webkit-transition:all 300ms ease-in-out;transition:all 300ms ease-in-out;padding:12px 24px;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-input{background:#ffffff;font-size:15px;padding:12px;border:1px solid #e3e3e3;-webkit-flex:1 0 auto;-ms-flex:1 0 auto;flex:1 0 auto;line-height:1.4;margin:0;-webkit-transition:border-color ease-out 300ms;transition:border-color ease-out 300ms;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-input:focus{outline:none;border-color:#1677be;-webkit-transition:border-color ease 300ms;transition:border-color ease 300ms;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-input::-webkit-input-placeholder{color:inherit;opacity:0.8;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-input::-moz-placeholder{color:inherit;opacity:0.8;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-input:-ms-input-placeholder{color:inherit;opacity:0.8;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-input::placeholder{color:inherit;opacity:0.8;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="dropdown"]{position:relative;display:inline-block;width:100%;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="dropdown"]::before{content:"";top:calc(50% - 2.5px);right:10px;position:absolute;pointer-events:none;border-color:#4f4f4f transparent transparent transparent;border-style:solid;border-width:6px 6px 0 6px;height:0;width:0;z-index:999;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="dropdown"] select{height:auto;width:100%;cursor:pointer;color:#333333;line-height:1.4;margin-bottom:0;padding:0 6px;-webkit-appearance:none;-moz-appearance:none;appearance:none;font-size:15px;padding:12px;padding-right:25px;border:1px solid #e3e3e3;background:#ffffff;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="dropdown"] select:focus{outline:none;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"]{text-align:left;margin:0;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"]{margin-bottom:10px;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"] *{cursor:pointer;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"]:last-of-type{margin-bottom:0;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"] input[type="checkbox"]{display:none;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"] input[type="checkbox"] + label::after{content:none;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"] input[type="checkbox"]:checked + label::after{border-color:#ffffff;content:"";}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"] input[type="checkbox"]:checked + label::before{background:#10bf7a;border-color:#10bf7a;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"] label{position:relative;display:inline-block;padding-left:28px;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"] label::before,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"] label::after{position:absolute;content:"";display:inline-block;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"] label::before{height:16px;width:16px;border:1px solid #e3e3e3;background:#ffffff;left:0px;top:3px;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-group="checkboxes"] [data-group="checkbox"] label::after{height:4px;width:8px;border-left:2px solid #4d4d4d;border-bottom:2px solid #4d4d4d;-webkit-transform:rotate(-45deg);-ms-transform:rotate(-45deg);transform:rotate(-45deg);left:4px;top:8px;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-alert{background:#f9fafb;border:1px solid #e3e3e3;border-radius:5px;-webkit-flex:1 0 auto;-ms-flex:1 0 auto;flex:1 0 auto;list-style:none;margin:25px auto;padding:12px;text-align:center;width:100%;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-alert:empty{display:none;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-alert-success{background:#d3fbeb;border-color:#10bf7a;color:#0c905c;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-alert-error{background:#fde8e2;border-color:#f2643b;color:#ea4110;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-spinner{display:-webkit-box;display:-webkit-flex;display:-ms-flexbox;display:flex;height:0px;width:0px;margin:0 auto;position:absolute;top:0;left:0;right:0;width:0px;overflow:hidden;text-align:center;-webkit-transition:all 300ms ease-in-out;transition:all 300ms ease-in-out;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-spinner > div{margin:auto;width:12px;height:12px;background-color:#fff;opacity:0.3;border-radius:100%;display:inline-block;-webkit-animation:formkit-bouncedelay-formkit-form-data-uid-87fee70c91- 1.4s infinite ease-in-out both;animation:formkit-bouncedelay-formkit-form-data-uid-87fee70c91- 1.4s infinite ease-in-out both;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-spinner > div:nth-child(1){-webkit-animation-delay:-0.32s;animation-delay:-0.32s;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-spinner > div:nth-child(2){-webkit-animation-delay:-0.16s;animation-delay:-0.16s;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-submit[data-active] .formkit-spinner{opacity:1;height:100%;width:50px;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-submit[data-active] .formkit-spinner ~ span{opacity:0;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-powered-by[data-active="false"]{opacity:0.35;}@-webkit-keyframes formkit-bouncedelay-formkit-form-data-uid-87fee70c91-{0%,80%,100%{-webkit-transform:scale(0);-ms-transform:scale(0);transform:scale(0);}40%{-webkit-transform:scale(1);-ms-transform:scale(1);transform:scale(1);}}@keyframes formkit-bouncedelay-formkit-form-data-uid-87fee70c91-{0%,80%,100%{-webkit-transform:scale(0);-ms-transform:scale(0);transform:scale(0);}40%{-webkit-transform:scale(1);-ms-transform:scale(1);transform:scale(1);}} .formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"]{box-shadow:0 2px 15px 0 rgba(210,214,220,0.5);max-width:700px;overflow:hidden;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] [data-style="full"]{width:100%;display:block;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-header{margin-top:0;margin-bottom:20px;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-subheader{margin:15px 0;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-column{padding:20px;position:relative;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-column:nth-child(2){border-top:1px solid #e9ecef;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-background{width:100%;height:100%;position:absolute;top:0;left:0;background-size:cover;background-position:center;opacity:0.5;z-index:1;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-header,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-subheader,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-image{z-index:2;position:relative;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-field{margin:0 0 15px 0;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-input,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-submit{width:100%;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-guarantee{font-size:13px;text-align:center;margin:0 0 15px 0;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-guarantee > p{margin:0;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"] .formkit-powered-by{color:#7d7d7d;display:block;font-size:12px;margin-bottom:0;text-align:center;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="600"] [data-style="full"],.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="700"] [data-style="full"],.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="800"] [data-style="full"]{display:grid;grid-template-columns:repeat(auto-fit,minmax(200px,1fr));}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="600"] .formkit-submit,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="700"] .formkit-submit,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="800"] .formkit-submit{width:auto;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="600"] .formkit-column,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="700"] .formkit-column,.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="800"] .formkit-column{padding:40px;}.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="600"] .formkit-column:nth-child(2),.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="700"] .formkit-column:nth-child(2),.formkit-form[data-uid="87fee70c91"][min-width~="800"] .formkit-column:nth-child(2){border-top:none;}     My three-step checklist to creating a versatile, cohesive wardrobe          30 example outfits to inspire you          Style lessons to show you how to style your trickiest wardrobe staples, and more!   Huge thanks to Everlane, my favorite brand, for sponsoring this post and being such an amazing partner!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Crest Family Dental says  December 6, 2018 at 10:33 pm Highly informative article. This site has lots of information and it is useful for us. Thanks for sharing your views. – dentist in hartford ct Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Gold Pumps Shoes, Formal Gowns, White And Blue Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 25, 2017   Dress: Topshop tie front midi dress (c/o)–it’s selling out quick, but it’s also fully stocked at Nordstrom, they have it in tons of colors, too–black, this gorgeous pale blue, pale pink, and olive (which is so great for fall, too!) Sizing: runs pretty TTS unlike most Topshop stuff which runs small! I’m wearing a 2! I also love this version and this version! // Sandals: Loeffler Randall (marked down on Tuckernuck for $277!) // Initial Necklace: similar here, but this version is less expensive and part of the sale, too! // Hair: curled with a T3 whirl curling wand (my T3 blow dryer that I LOVE is also on sale right now! It makes my hair noticeably more shiny than any other blow dryer!) // Bag: Cult Gaia Ark bag (fully stocked! Hooray!)   // Sunnies: Tuckernuck (Yay! These got restocked too!!)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Happy Tuesday, you guys! How is the week going so far? Sorry for the lack of post yesterday! I was super busy trying to check approximately 600 things off my wedding to-do list. I didn’t even have time to sit down and start my work day until about 5pm! Gah! Can you believe we’re only 45 days out!? It’s both exciting and also very stressful because I feel like I still have way too much to do! Luckily at the end of the day I was able to get outside and ride my bike to a coffee shop and that helped a lot. I JUST got a brand new bike that I am sooo excited about! (You may have seen a sneak peak on my insta-stories!) It’s the Superbe bike in white from Raleigh Bikes and I am so in love with it! My other bike didn’t have any gears and now riding one with gears makes me wonder how I even survived before! Life is so much easier now, haha! This week I’m hoping to knock out a ton of wedding stuff! (You know, wrapping up all those little details.) Then, on Friday we’re having a rooftop party at my friend Kai’s apartment and I can’t wait! She just launched a new catering company with two of her friends and they will be handing all the food and I was basically drooling today discussing the menu with her! (Check out littlevent if you need caterers in Chicago!) She handled the cooking the entire weekend of my bachelorette party and I feel very lucky to get to eat her cooking two weekends in a row  Anyway, I’ve been wearing this little red dress EVERYWHERE lately. It’s so, so comfortable and is probably the coolest thing I own (it’s a barely there linen fabric!) I think everyone should own a little red dress, it makes me feel so pretty! I distinctly remember the first red dress I ever bought when I was 17. It actually reminds me of this one–it was also linen, but very loose–it hit at my knee and had two little whimsical buttons at the straps. I bought it preparing for my first trip to Europe post high-school graduation, and I loved it so much that I came home and purchased another one a month later–just in case something happened to the first one! In hindsight, this one is much more figure flattering, but it still gives me happy memories!  This dress is from Topshop, but it’s also sold at Nordstrom, where it also comes in tons of colors! If red isn’t your thing–there’s a pretty pale pink, pale blue, black, and olive color to choose from, too! (It looks so cute with my favorite tassel heels, which are on sale right now at Tuckernuck!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I love this style so much, I think the tie detail really accentuates your waist and is really flattering on so many different body types. Plus, the older I get, the more I appreciate midi dresses–you don’t have to worry about them riding up or blowing up in the wind, haha! I can even ride my bike with this one!        Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jessica Merdes says  July 25, 2017 at 7:27 am what size are you wearing for the dress? i know top shop runs small sometimes! 
Jess says  July 25, 2017 at 9:56 am Great question! Yes, they usually run small but I feel like this dress is TTS. I’m wearing a 2 and could’ve even done a 0 and been fine! 
Britney Crawley says  July 25, 2017 at 9:05 am Can’t believe your special day is so close! I remember the last several weeks being a little hectic. It’s amazing how suddenly it all ends after the wedding day. It was sort of shocking for me… all this contact with family and final detail planning, then- nothing. Loving this red dress on you! It’s so pretty and flattering, and those sandals make the perfect pairing. 
Anna says  July 25, 2017 at 10:06 am I LOVE this dress!  Also… how cool is Kai’s catering company?! I just looked at the website –
Amazing!!!  xo 
Jess says  July 25, 2017 at 3:12 pm Right!?! We’re collaborating for a project this Friday! I can’t wait to share the pictures! She is so talented! 
Joules says  July 26, 2017 at 9:54 am You look so great in this color! That dress is gorgeous! Style by Joules Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Tank Tops, Silver Sandal Heels, Lace Midi Dresses, Black Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 12, 2018  **Please note this is a photo from LAST year’s sale! Nearly identical items are linked below that are part of THIS YEAR’s sale!** Hi guys! So, it’s been a bit of a rough go this morning ? My internet stopped working, and the functionality that I use to make those little shopping widgets for you guys also does not work–so I’ve had to make a LOT more collages than usual and it has taken a lot more time than I was expecting! I’ve been working since 2am and I’m still not finished! I’m still working on getting the collages wrapped up (so sincere apologies that you don’t have visuals for everything in the guide just yet, but I hope my descriptions are helpful!) I don’t make a habit of publishing unfinished blog posts, but wanted to get this up ASAP now because I know it’s getting later in the morning and you’re going to want some guidance on how to best shop the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale! Here are my picks so far–I’ll be updating this throughout the morning and updating throughout the day as well, so make sure to check back! Also, if there’s something in particular you’d like to see, by all means, please comment and let me know and I’m happy to include!  I was very pleased with the shoe selection of the sale this year, which is no surprise, because that’s typically the area that shines the most! You definitely don’t need to look any further for shoes to round out your fall wardrobe! So many of them are suitable to start wearing now, and make great transition pieces into fall! Additionally, most of them come in more colors, so if you see a shoe you like but don’t prefer the color, click through anyway and see if they have the color you’re looking for! This pair wins most versatile bootie award due to their range of colors, the low heel, the fact that they’re waterproof, and I love the slightly rounded slightly pointed toe! Also, you’re going to notice a theme here, but they’re Blondo–AKA #1 chosen brand of shoes of the sale! Blondo shoes are well made, comfortable, and best of all–all pairs are WATERPROOF! HUZZAH! Also similar are these Sam Edelman booties, which are also adorable, versatile, and a little more personality with the buckle! If you’ve been looking for a new pair of athleisure sneakers, I really love these because they’re tan! I feel like most sneakers like this are grey, which I love (and own a couple pairs of grey sneakers) and I have a hard time matching grey with certain things for whatever reason–the warmer tan feels more versatile to me. I have a pair of leopard loafers I got a couple years back and they are my go-to’s for fall/winter because leopard adds SO much personality to your outfit and can take it from super basic to super chic! I love these mules for the same reason–I know these are going to go FAST! I think this is my top #1 pick from the sale period. I made the mistake of NOT getting boots like this last year (the light creamy tan is really hard to find!) and I kicked myself all year. These were the first thing I added to my cart! They’re going to look soooo pretty with dresses! Classic Hunters are never this cheap! If you’ve been wanting a pair for fall/winter, snap them up ASAP! I doubt these will be in stock in most sizes by this afternoon! Another pair of Blondo boots, because, they’re THE BEST. All of their boots are beautifully made and waterproof! You don’t have to be scared to wear these in the rain! This boot comes in several colors but I am very much drawn to the beautiful deep burgundy color. I think it’s so different but still classic, which makes it a really fresh spin on a neutral–you can treat them essentially as a brown and pair them with anything you’d wear brown boots with! These are essentially the exact same (from what I can tell!) as my blondo boots I got last year! (They were called the “Olivia” but now apparently that’s changed to “Danny” ?) They are one of the VERY few pairs of OTK boots that fit smaller calves! Since the back is stretchy, they fit basically everyone and hug your leg the way that almost every other pair I’ve found don’t! (Other than the Stuart Weitzmans, but those are obviously a really big investment!) Long story short–I’ve turned so many of you guys onto these boots and have received SO many messages saying how much you love them!! If you’ve been looking for a good pair of OTK boots at a good price, give these a try–plus, again, waterproof! Come in grey too! These boots are the most similar to my black booties from the sale last year, if you were looking for a similar pair! Classic, simple, comfy, AND waterproof! They come in dark grey and light grey a well! I’ve never seen blush converse before! They are so cute! If you’ve been wanting to pick up a new pair of classic sneakers but wanting something a bit different than white, these would be a great option because the blush is super light and neutral! (They’ll show less dirt than white too, but make sure you Scotchgard them still! ?) Note: Converse typically run large, so you may want to size down! These shoes are a really awesome staple because they’re really great “in between season” heels. They work great with it’s still warm but you want to wear fall clothes, or on the flipside, when it’s chilly but you want to wear open-toed shoes! (Like in the Spring for example when you’re DYING for anything other than boots!) If you’re looking for a simple, go-with-everything, classic bootie–this is it! My booties from the sale last year were from SARTO and I really love them! I can’t decide which color I love more–the taupey grey or the rich chestnut brown! I love how these sandals are a little bit chunky which makes them easy to wear for both casual and dressy occasions. They come in three colors–brown and black suede, which is great for transitioning to fall, and the cutest dusty rose jacquard fabric which I think is so fun, and again, something you can wear now AND later! These might be the most beautiful, chic, feminine mules I’ve ever seen. If you’ve been wanting to get on the mule bandwagon but have felt like they’re just too trendy for you, I think this would be a really great option. They’re perfect with jeans, dresses, skirts, and since they’re very neutral and have a closed toe, they’re great for work, too!  Part of me feels excessive including three cashmere wraps in my sale guide, but honestly, everyone has very specific tastes and I wanted to highlight all three because they are all so beautiful in different ways! This is this year’s version of last year’s cashmere wrap (the first photo in the post you see above!) that was the #1 best selling item from the sale! It’s the same brand and seriously SO SOFT. It’s great for every occasion and since it’s essentially a chic blanket you’ll wear it around the house a lot too ? (They also make really great gifts for moms, if you plan MAJORLY ahead, haha!) And THENN there is this gorrrgeeousss color-blocked camel version, if you prefer that instead. Also comes in grey/black combo! Swoon. I love that this one has a subtle chunky ribbing and fringe for added texture and the wine hue is stunning. Comes in lot’s of other colors too! Okay, I’m done. MOVING ON. Okay in a similar vein, not a wrap, but a scarf– comes in TONS of colors and is definitely a staple you’ll reach for again and again all fall and winter!   It’s back! It’s back! My favorite lace-trim silk cami (when it sold out you guys were all like NOOOOOOO!) I haven’t seen it in stock in like 6 months. So exciting! Snap it up before it’s gone! (Note I have the navy but the black is just as pretty. On that thought, maybe I should get the black. Yes, I should. *Adds to cart*) This pretty, feminine sweater is such a fun twist on the regular turtleneck. It will be great for weekends, work, and everything in between! (Pictured in the first photo at the top of the post!) This year’s version of my favorite striped tee from last year’s sale! Comes in ton’s of colors, too! I live in soft, oversized, drapey tops like this in the fall and winter! I love the striped version (though it comes in lot’s of colors) and if you like for tops to cover your behind when wearing leggings, it’s good for that too! I think this long sweater is just SO chic–another staple that’s ideal for work and every other occasion. Rarely does cashmere come at a bargain, so it always goes really fast during the sale–snap it up quick if you love it! Comes in three colors. Iiiiitttsss  baaacckkkkk. I think these sweaters are hysterical but everyone says it’s like wearing a cloud and I regretted not buying it last year. I was always jealous of Kelly’s! What do you think, should I pull the trigger? Are you going to!? The zip-up jacket version is also included in the sale! Another thing I added to my cart immediately–I’ve been waiting for a whole year for this sweater to go on sale! Blair has had one for a couple years and I’m always jealous ? It’s seriously so soft, and it’s a great length too! Perfect for keeping on your chair at work, wearing around the house, travel, or anywhere! I love this beautiful ballerina-esque wrap sweater! It comes in lot’s of colors but can you tell I’m apparently on a dark forest green kick!? ? I really really wanted a thermal henley tee last year and never pulled the trigger on one–at $24 it’s too good to pass up! It comes in ton’s of colors, too! I have almost this exact jacket in a neutral blush color! It sold out quickly but I’m so glad it’s back! Comes in black and beige. If you’ve been looking for a super classic, timeless leather jacket, here it is! It comes in both black and tan and it’s something you’ll have for YEARS! This style is very similar to mine and it’s been my favorite wardrobe staple for more than a decade! If you’ve had your eye on one of the BLANKNYC moto jackets, you’re in luck! It’s back in the beautiful green color, classic black, and a pretty beige neutral. It does have a detachable hood (the hood isn’t my style, so I’m glad there’s the option to remove it!) but it’s cute if you’re going for a more casual look! Similarly, if you’ve been wanting one of the BLANK NYC Suede jackets (I can attest, they are to die for, I have one in blue!) then this one comes in a pretty olive and this amazing orangey-red color (Siena I believe it’s called?? ?) (Oops forgot the number on this collage ? Sorry!)  If you’ve been in the market for a great, classic jean jacket isn’t too distressed–I was so happy to see that this one is on sale! It looks really similar to mine (mine is just from J.Crew!) Note it is supposed to be oversized so if you want it more snug, you should probably go a size down. This wrap coat is nearly identical to my camel coat from last year! It was another item that sold out quickly that you guys were devastated over ? So snag this one before it’s gone! It’s already selling out in the smaller sizes so hurry! Otherwise, it comes in other colors, too! Similar to the one above, but a bit shorter. I have a few friends with this exact coat and they love it! Comes in other colors too! I will admit I’m not too familiar with this brand, but this trench looks AWESOME. It comes with a removable vest for extra warmth, which is quilted and cute so you can also wear it on it’s own! (Essentially it looks exactly like a Barbour vest, if you’re familiar!) I am a HUGE fan of Barbour jackets–they are always what I reach for in the fall as well as the spring–they’re impeccably made and the designs are always classic, so you’ll wear them throughout the years. If you aren’t a fan of the Beadnell for whatever reason, you’ll love this utility jacket, that is a little more form fitting! It’s waxed too, so it’s weather resistant! Comes in navy and olive. I absolutely love the color of this weatherproof jacket. If you’ve been looking for an all-purpose rain coat, this would be a great option, and $100 off!! Comes in navy too!  I’m not going to lie, there really weren’t THAT many dresses that I loved out of the sale this year, However, the handful that were good, were REALLY cute. I guess that makes narrowing down your favorites easier, right? Here are my 8 picks: I’m a sucker for a good striped t-shirt dress, and this one is no exception! I also love how the hem on this one is a little bit chicer than most. It will look cute with sandals now and booties in the fall! I added this to my cart because I’ve been looking for a new LBD that I can wear to things like bachelorette parties and other “going out” events that is dressy and sexy without being too over the top–this one definitely fits the bill and it’s only $35! I absolutely LOVE this Leith dress! I’ve eyed similar ones in the past and think this one is perfect for both summer and fall–so cute with sandals, sneakers, or heeled booties! This dress caught my eye in the catalog and it was the first thing I added to my car when the sale went live! It’s so beautiful, feminine, and I really love dark florals in general. It’s something you can wear now and later! This floral print is SO freaking cute and I absolutely love the button-front details. File this under another great budget friendly dress that you’ll wear now and well into fall. (How cute would it look with tall boots and a cozy cardigan?) I LOVE this color and feel like it really screams “fall”– it will look stunning with boots and booties (especially a rich brown!) I love this classic dress and how it just gives a little nod to the peasant style without feeling too hippy. It’s another one that can be worn now and also transitioned to fall with ease. Probably the most versatile of ALL the dresses of the sale, you’ll recognize this one from the catalog too! I love that it’s made of a knit material so the texture adds more visual interest and makes it perfect for fall. It could be great for work too!   They’re back, they’re back! The best ponte leggings! You saw me style them in this post (photo above!) several ways and now they’re re-stocked and less than $30! Buy them in both colors, you won’t regret it. They’re amazing in and out of work and for basically any occasion when you want to look nice and polished but comfortable. I cannot BELIEVE these are included in the sale! These leggings are famous for rivaling Lulu’s Align pants at half the price–these are going to go MEGA fast so snap them up quick! I haven’t actually tried them myself but I’m so excited to now! If you’ve been wanting a pair of faux leather leggings, Halogen’s pair is on sale! I love faux leather leggings and they are on constant rotation in the fall and winter! If you’re not sure how to style them, see this post–three ways to wear leather leggings!  If you’ve been looking for a pair of classic black skinny jeans for under $100–look no further! I love Madewell jeans and have been wearing them for years–they’re a cult classic! I’ve always loved Citizen’s Rocket jeans–I’ve actually tried on a couple pairs but they never had the exact color I wanted so I haven’t pulled the trigger! I absolutely love these if you’re looking for a super flattering, high-waisted classic wash jean. If you aren’t into high-rise and prefer a medium rise, definitely go with the Rag & Bone’s! I got Rag & Bone jeans from the sale last year (a different pair than these, mine are old!) and they are seriously SO insanely comfortable. Kelly raves and raves about them too! I have admired these jeans from afar for so long–I absolutely love the button-fly and the color of the wash! If you’ve been eyeing them too, now’s the time to get them for under $100! Such a steal! Again, Madewell makes the best jeans, I’ve never tried a pair I didn’t love! I was looking for a pair JUST like this before Italy–of course they come out right after ? These come in two colors–a dark slate and olive, and are the perfect comfy pant that still looks polished (great for travel) and you’ll wear them all year round! I’ve never bought Caslon jeans before but these are so affordable I want to give them a try! I love that they’re cropped and flared so they play with the trend but they’re still classic and vintage inspired at the same time. This is the exact same skirt that I got last year (mine was just a different color!) and it’s so well made and adorable. Not too short and not too long, it looks amazing with OTK boots, knee-high boots and booties! I love how seventies this miniskirt is! So fun and also so cute with boots! This dress is so chic and effortless–it will be a staple for the office all year round, no matter the season, for years to come! I’ve really loved the tie neck dresses that were popular last year and I’m excited to see the trend back for fall again! That paired with the beautiful dark green floral pattern of this dress and the ruffle hem makes this a go-to dress for fall! This dress has a tie at the waist for extra waist definition (super flattering!) and would be great for any business casual office environment. A really cute, feminine dress that’s conservative enough for any office! Conservative doesn’t have to be boring! I love the pretty floral pattern and dainty details of this dress! It would look great with sandals, pumps, or heeled booties! I love this blazer and it comes in tons of colors–great for the office, travel, weekends, etc. I know you guys are always on the lookout for great work pants, and these are a great pair that you can wear, duh, as the name suggests, all season long!    Filed Under: Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Style  
Olga says  July 12, 2018 at 9:11 am I agree with you, I think those Sam Edelman boots are the best! Definitely on my list! Olga
http://www.littlethingsolga.com 
Jamie Mendell says  July 12, 2018 at 4:02 pm Thank you SO much Jess!!! I love this guide so much. 
Melissa says  July 12, 2018 at 4:21 pm I love Blondo boots – I have 4 pairs & considering a fifth.  So worth the money. 
Erica says  July 13, 2018 at 8:51 am So, yesterday I snagged the black silk cami and the Camel wool wrap coat but this morning received an e-mail that the items could not be fulfilled  Has this every happened to you with Nordstrom, and do you have any advice on how to track the items down if they restock? It must be a lag in their system because it said they were in stock when I ordered and the order went through! 
Eliya Manson says  July 24, 2018 at 4:49 am In love with your super amazing photos! The color is too perfect. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Lace Bralettes, One Pieces Swimwear, White Long Sleeve Tees, Grey Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 6, 2015   Kimono: TJ Maxx c/o (old, but this one is nearly identical, and love this one, this one and this one, too!) // Turtleneck: Forever 21 (old, but love this one, this one and this one!) // Jeans: Henry & Belle c/o //Booties: Dolce Vita (also very similar here) // Lipstick: Essence Cosmetics in Dare to Wear // Bag: Vera Bradley (also obsessed with this one!)  Happy Monday!  I hope you had a great weekend! Mine was great! On Friday, Neal and I went to Parlor for a late-night dinner in the West Loop. (Fun fact side note: we can never seem to have our act together to go to dinner until 9pm at the earliest. This time we went at 11. What’s wrong with us?!) Have you been? I think it’s my new favorite pizza place. We went for the spicy pepperoni with an egg on top and it was basically like carb crack. So I was in heaven.  Saturday involved lot’s of basketball (which I was not really that enthused about) and taco night (which I was VERY enthused about) and Sunday we celebrated Easter with Neal’s family, which was a blast, as usual.  So, switching gears to the topic of today’s post, I’m really all about kimonos. Which is kind of a strange thing to be all about. But I think it’s because half of my wardrobe is secretly (or perhaps not secretly? You tell me) inspired by old ladies. I also don’t like weather to stop me from wearing some of my favorite wardrobe items. As you can see, this was shot when it was snowing a couple weeks ago. And in order to make it suitable enough for volatile spring weather, I added a turtleneck and booties. A kimono like this (which is black and more wintery as far as florals go) makes it perfect to wear all year round, vs my more springy kimonos, which I reserve for when the weather is actually nice.  Also I have some exciting news to share slash want your opinion…      



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
         It’s something I’ve been wanting to do for a very long time, and this past week I pulled the trigger to buy a decent tripod and microphone. (Plus, now I’ve just announced it to you, so theres no going back now!) Is there anything in particular you’d like to see? It can be about anything–from style, product reviews, beauty tutorials, a roundup of my favorite Mary Kate & Ashley movies–seriously, ANYTHING.  What are you most interested in? I’d love love your feedback! Anytime you guys take the time to give me your opinion, it truly means the world to me.  I hope you have a great start to your week!  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pumps Sale, Blue Heels Shoes, Graphic Sweatshirts, White Long Sleeve Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 25, 2014       



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Quilted crossbody: Vera Bradley // Winter floral mini dress: Shopbop (c/o) // Faux leather jacket: Shopbop (c/o) // Asymmetrical earrings: Shopbop (c/o) //  Gold cuff bracelet: Vera Bradley // Fishtail druzy bracelet: See Song Designs (c/o) // Beaded gold bracelet: Busywrist (c/o) Happy Tuesday! Get your party pants on, because today is an extra special day: I’ve got some big stuff in store for you! (Whoa, man!)  First up: My new favorite purse, and the perfect holiday frock.  I am so excited to announce that I’m partnering up with Vera Bradley to celebrate the launch of their new quilted leather handbags! Doesn’t this little quilted Sydney cross-body have a Chanel-like feel to it? (Except that it only sets you back $148!) You’ve known Vera for years for her bright colors, prints, and those quilted duffel bags that seem to hold more than Mary Poppins’ magic tote. But now, she’s upped her game to this gorgeous new collection, made with the same quality we’ve come to expect from Vera Bradley. Not to mention, it’s always nice when investing in a quality handbag doesn’t hurt your bank account!  It takes a lot to impress me, really, and I’m impressed. That being said, I hope you’ll come out to the event I’m hosting along with Kelly and InStyle Magazine at the Vera Bradley store in Water Tower place on December 3rd! (Wow, that was a mouthful.) The festivities kick off at 6:30pm and go to the wee hours of the morning. (Kidding. Actually it goes until 8:30. I’m writing this on my second glass of wine and I’ve got jokes.) You can enjoy sips, sweets, and the chance to win some great Vera prizes! (Plus, Kelly and I are really fun, I promise, so let’s hang out.) Make sure to RSVP here! Can’t wait to see you there!  P.S.  you should DEFINITELY check out the huge Shopbop sale that’s happening right now through December 1st! It’s their biggest sale of the year, and the more you buy, the more you save! (So I’d suggest getting your girls together to go halfsies (fourthsies?) on your Christmas shopping for some mega-savings!) Spend $250= 15% off, Spend $500= 20% off, Spend $1000 = 25% off. Check out all the details here. I know that was a lot to take in, which means you’ve got a LOT of shopping to do. So good luck out there, and we’ll see you tomorrow!    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold And Silver Jewelry, White Lace Dresses, Graphic Sweatshirts, Black Booties Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 15, 2017   Black Bell Sleeve Bow Top: Topshop via Nordstrom (also comes in white and green!) I also love this similar top, this bell-sleeved polka dot top, and how adorable is this floral bell-sleeve version? // Metallic Midi Skirt: Old, but identical here, similar here (also in petite here) I also love the pale pink version–ASOS has a ton in so many colors! // Slingback pumps: Old, but identical here, slightly lower heel here, t-strap version here // Lips: MAC Lady Danger //pstick: My #1 go-to shade–MAC Lady Danger (I also recommend their lip scrub, which is SO good for winter, and their lip primer!) // Hair: Curled with a Beachwaver curling iron, Oribe Texture Spray // Nail polish: Essie’s no-chip gel polish–it actually stays really well compared to normal polish! I did a little review of it here. Happy Wednesday! (How is it already Wednesday?) I hope you had a lovely Valentine’s Day–we had so much fun! We went to dinner at TWO (we hadn’t been since we first started dating, years ago) and it was phenomenal. If you go, you must order the duck egg pasta and the chicken. I’m still full writing this blog post!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Did you see the Valentine’s Day cards we exchanged this year? Going all out for our cards (by that I mean, bad Hallmark cards from CVS don’t count) has become kind of our tradition. I shared them on Insta-stories last night. I thought mine was hilarious (I drew it, grade-school style) but then I got Neal’s. He ordered it off of Etsy and thought it wasn’t going to get delivered in time–it arrived at 5pm yesterday and he was well worth the wait. It was HILARIOUS. The Etsy store he ordered it from makes all kinds of punny rap related cards–he got me the “every thug needs a lady” valentine. Still cracking up. We also made friends with the couple at the table next to us, who I would guess to be around my parents age. They had dated briefly way back when, in their twenties, but ended up marrying other people. Decades later, both got divorced, but found one another again–and ended up getting married. (“I waited for her all those years,” he said!) What a cute love story, right? Further proof that everything happens for a reason  It’s so fun to make new friends you wouldn’t normally cross paths with. Today is another day full of errands, gearing up for a last-minute trip BEFORE our trip to LA next week (more on that later) so I’ve been hustling to get everything done! Bah! Send me productive vibes!! A quick chat about today’s outfit: Fun fact, you guys–I bought this skirt (identical here) more than 5 years ago at Nordstrom Rack! (This was before midi skirts were really a mainstream thing–I’m so glad they are now!) This year, pleated midi skirts especially have been everywhere (ASOS has a TON at really great prices!)–I love how feminine they are! They move beautifully, are really fun to twirl in, and are just a nice little break from mini skirts or pants. Favorite pleated midi skirts    They’re so polished, they go with just about any top that you can pair them with–this black bell-sleeved blouse with ties on the sleeves is a new favorite. I’ve been pretty much falling over everything with bows OR bell sleeves lately and this is no exception–how cute are the ties at the elbows? It also comes in white and dark green. Favorite bell-sleeved tops:   
 …okay, back to the to-do list!           Photos by Jules Kennedy  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney says  February 15, 2017 at 7:35 am Sounds like a fun date night!! I laughed out loud at your Instagram story of the cards- too funny! This outfit is so chic and fancy! Love the fun metallic skirt and how you’ve styled it.  
Samantha Tananbaum says  February 15, 2017 at 8:39 am So pretty! Isn’t it funny when you have something in your closet for a while and all of a sudden it’s on trend? Love the bows on that blouse too! Glad you guys enjoyed your Valentine’s Day. xx
Sam 
Jackie says  February 15, 2017 at 9:28 am Love the outfit and Im thinking of picking up a metallic midi skirt after seeing one last week. That story about the other couple sounds so cute and like something out of a book. Must have been a fun story to hear.  Jackie | fashionxfairytale | 
Diana Pearl says  February 15, 2017 at 9:41 am You look so gorgeous! I love this outfit, the skirt is so pretty but I’m especially obsessed with that top! Your Valentine’s sounds lovely!  x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Caitlin says  February 15, 2017 at 9:49 am Such a pretty outfit! I wish I could pull off the midi skirt. Neil’s valentine is hilarious (and so true!!)   Caitlin | http://sunnystyleblog.com/ 
Devon says  February 15, 2017 at 10:57 am Love this fun skirt! So perfect for date night! And Neal’s card was SO funny, haha!  xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Emily says  February 15, 2017 at 12:47 pm STOP IT I am obsessed with this look and these photos. Seriously, so beautiful, Jess!
Isn’t That Charming. 
Katie says  February 15, 2017 at 12:55 pm So pretty and such a fun skirt! The perfect little number for a date night! 
Mary Fremeau says  February 15, 2017 at 6:16 pm This skirt and outfit looks sooo cute on you! I love it!
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Megan says  February 16, 2017 at 8:42 am So beautiful Jess! Also major hair envy // http://lifeplusbe.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heel Wedges, White Bikinis Bottom, Navy Leggings, High Waist Flare Pants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 8, 2016     Coat: Grey J.Crew cocoon coat (25% off with code TIMETOSHOP!) similar J.Crew Factory version here for $113  // Jeans: Henry & Belle, and I also love this similar pair and this budget friendly version // Loafers: c/o Barbour (old) but I love this nearly identical navy suede version from M.Gemi, as well as this pair from Everlane–they have the most BEAUTIFUL loafers (several colors, too!) // Sweater: Anthropologie (old) but identical here, and I also love this white textured sweater on sale for $30! Andd I really really want this sweater!// Lipstick: M.A.C Matte lipstick in Relentless Red (I also wear this lip primer underneath to keep it lasting longer!) // Earrings: c/o Kendra Scott    Happy Monday!  Did everyone have a great weekend? After I snuck in my fourth Corepower class of the week (I’m very proud of this fact, if you can’t tell.) on Friday afternoon, Neal and I headed up to the lake house for a couple days. Then on Saturday, I drove one more hour south to South Bend, Indiana for my college friend Aubrey’s baby shower! I don’t get to see her very often as she lives in Omaha, so it was so good to see her and her family!  Side note: I can’t believe I’m old enough for my college girlfriends to start having kids. EEK! I’m not going to lie though, I’m SO excited to meet that sweet baby girl in a few short months!   Time is traveling so quickly these days. Friends getting married, having babies, holidays flying by so quickly you can’t even keep track of what’s coming up next. Wasn’t it just Christmas? How is it almost Valentine’s Day? (Side note, if you haven’t gotten on your V-Day gift game yet, you’ll want to check out Friday’s post here for some of my favorite gift reccos!) I’m constantly telling myself I need to slow down and enjoy the moment.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Anyway, we snapped these photos on Blair’s roof when I was there along with Kelly and Shaheen collaborating on a fun project and doing a little blogger work day. Sometimes working cooped up in our houses alone all day gets lonely, so it’s always fun to get out of the house and work together! (Even though that means we are all slightlyyyy less productive. Haha, woops!) This is one of my regular workday outfits due to the fact that it’s super comfy, yet still pulled together enough for me to feel like a real human being.  Because temperatures had dropped significantly from earlier that afternoon–this J.Crew coat (which is currently 25% off! FYI–it runs big!) did not come off, you guys. But I figured you would understand. (I am SO OVER WINTER.) However, underneath is one of my favorite textured white sweaters. I love it because it’s a lot different than most of my sweaters, and the additional textured elements make my outfit more interesting! Of course, being a casual work day, I wore my standard high-waisted skinnies (which I love, not just because they’re super flattering, but because they don’t dip down in the back and show my undies when I’m sitting down working on my computer all day. SUCH a big pet peeve of mine!) as well as navy loafers, which are pretty much my shoe of choice lately when I’m inside and/or it isn’t snowing!  I hope everyone has a great start to the week!  (P.S. if you’re cranky about the fact that it’s Monday, you might want to check out this post, and this post (they’re two of my most popular posts!)–which are SURE to cheer you up!)   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

    Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  February 8, 2016 at 7:22 am Cute! I love that coat! 
Jess Zimlich says  February 8, 2016 at 8:37 am I’ve been stalking the J. Crew site hoping that this will come back in my size in grey, but no such luck…yet. I have the stadium parka with the fur hood and it’s by far my warmest coat! I hope you have a great week girlfriend   26 and Not Counting 
Megan says  February 8, 2016 at 9:15 am J.Crew has the best coats! I am loving this coat in grey and those navy loafers are too cute Happy Monday // http://lifeplusbe.com 
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  February 8, 2016 at 9:41 am I couldn’t agree with you more about it being weird to be old enough to have friends that are having kids – I mean, weren’t we all just 21 and partying it up in college? Anyways, this coat looks gorgeous on you, I love the color! 
Arin says  February 8, 2016 at 9:48 am gorgeous! can’t go wrong w/ jcrew! great to see you last week xx http://www.heartofchic.com 
Polly says  February 8, 2016 at 10:01 am Haha, the whole thing about friends getting married and having kids is something I can relate to! I just had a baby myself.  Anyway, I love that coat! I especially like how it can go with so many different outfits. Polly
http://gemsandjoy.com 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  February 8, 2016 at 10:08 am LOVE the coat and fun work days! Also, I’m so proud of you for your yoga commitment – you are inspiring me to be better!  Shaheen | Lows to Luxe 
Kelly in the City says  February 8, 2016 at 11:52 am SO PRETTY JESSICA!!!! Heart.  Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Maggie says  February 8, 2016 at 1:42 pm Love your hair! It looks gorgeous!
-Maggie   http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Natalie @ Natalie Was Here says  February 8, 2016 at 3:16 pm Your hair is FLAWLESS. Also, totally with you on the “time going way too fast thing.” How is it already almost spring (not that I’m complaining about that one)?! xo,
Natalie | Natalie Was Here 
Mary Kate says  February 8, 2016 at 4:12 pm I love that jacket, and your hair looks incredible!  Mary Kate
http://www.mynewchicagolife.com 
Stacy says  February 8, 2016 at 4:29 pm Yes please for winter being over already!! But seriously, your hair is amazeballs!
Happy Monday! 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  February 8, 2016 at 5:06 pm so cute!! let’s do it all over again! 
Amy says  February 8, 2016 at 10:37 pm I’m a firm believer in only buying black coats but your gray one is making me rethink that 
Payton says  February 9, 2016 at 12:53 pm I love this outfit, it’s so trendy! But since trends come and go so its not sustainable or smart to spend $$ on items that will be out of style in a few months. Check out StyleLend.com – its a great way to rent your favorite trends from the top designers ( Chanel, McQueen, YSL…) at fast fashion prices! Plus you are helping the earth, nice little bonus  […] Source: thegoldengirlblog.com […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Frayed Shorts, Short Sleeved Blouses, Black Booties Shoes, High Waisted Flare Pants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 2, 2018  We are nearing the FINAL DAYS of the Nordstrom Sale! If you’ve given up out of frustration that everything you want is out of stock, I don’t blame you ? but many of you requested a “last chance” NSale post roundup–so, here it is! I also wanted to include some great guys’ staples as that was something that I meant to do but never got around to! I picked 12 girls’ items and 12 guys’ items that you’ll love, won’t want to miss, and (at the time of my choosing them) are fully stocked! Prices go up on August 6th, so snap up your last remaining purchases while you can!   (Click on any item to shop it!)  There are quite a few pairs of faux leather leggings on sale! They’re one of my favorite wardrobe staples for fall and winter–for more ideas on how to style them, see my post “how to style leather leggings.” I was actually SHOCKED to find this pair fully stocked! If you’ve been looking for a good pair of running shoes that isn’t neon (bleh!) you’ll want to snap these up! I have really flat feet and need good running shoes (Nikes do NOT cut it) and ASICS is one of my favorite brands (Brooks is the other one–I own this pair!) Another item I couldn’t believe hasn’t sold out yet–this pretty blush leather jacket! It will go with everything and I absolutely love the color. It’s made by Halogen, and one of my favorite scores from the sale last year was a Halogen leather jacket and I wear it all the time! It’s really well made and the leather is super soft. I really love Charlotte Tilbury products and the fact that she’s made a palette with all her beautiful bronzer, blush, and highlighter shades in one is so convenient! This was the most recommended bra out of ALL of them for our Real Women Approved Reader Roundup of Bras + Underwear! (See the full post here! Lot’s of the best bras and undies are included in the Nordstrom sale!) I absolutely love Urban Decay and they are one of my go-to brands for eyeshadow and I am OBSESSED with their makeup setting spray that comes in this set! I bought it for my wedding day and I use it all the time–whenever I’m going out at night or know I’ll be out all day without a chance to touch up my makeup. It works especially well to keep your makeup from melting off your face in the heat, haha! This kit is a great value with a shadow palette (with all beautiful neutral colors), setting spray, and eyeshadow primer! This brand, Blondo, is one of my favorites because everything they make is waterproof. These black booties are classics that will last years and you never have to worry about wearing them in rain or slush! I love a classic Barbour jacket and this one is perfect for fall weather–tailgates, pumpkin patches–anything outdoors, this will be a go-to for years! Plus, it’s wax-coated, which keeps cold out and water out–so it’s great to wear in all weather! I just got this blow dryer and I absolutely LOVE it. It’s so lightweight, significantly smaller than most blow-dryers, and has multiple heat settings, which is really nice! It dries hair really fast and has fancy ionic qualities that reduce frizz! I own this tee in the long-sleeve version and absolutely love the fact that it’s crewneck on one side, and then you can turn it around for a v-neck. I love the sleeves on the short sleeve version–they’re longer and more fitted than most, making it polished enough to dress up and wear to the office! Comes in lot’s of colors too! I know it’s hard to find a good work pant that doesn’t feel frumpy, and these trousers are office-appropriate pants you’ll actually get excited to wear. (Note: they’re sold out in “black” but fully stocked in “black tech”–just FYI!) For those who absolutely adore sweats but want to look suitable to go out in public, a hoodie like this is the trick! It looks just as cute with jeans as it does with yoga pants. Linking more similar cute sweatshirts below:   (Click on any item to shop it!)    Neal’s #1 favorite wardrobe staple is a great henley, and there are SO many on sale! Some of his favorites are from Bonobos! Another Neal wardrobe staple. He owns two pairs of jeans–seriously, two pair! These Levi’s are one of them! They’re not too skinny (for those guys who are VERY anti skinny jeans) but they’re slim enough to still be very polished and stylish! Neal owns this splurge-worthy pair from Vince, but this new identical pair just came out and they are essentially the same for over 1/3rd of the price! Every guy needs a versatile blazer that he can dress up for the office or dress down for the weekend. This one will look really sharp with trousers for the office. Or also really nice with jeans to go to a party or dinner! It under $200, it’s an absolute steal. Another necessary staple in every guy’s wardrobe–pants that aren’t suit pants, but aren’t jeans. Chinos are a really nice in-between but it can be easy to get your hands on a bad, frumpy, ill-fitting pair. We love these because they’re slim fit but not skinny, and come in lot’s of great colors! Neal has these Cole Haans and absolutely LOVES them. If your guy is one that insists on wearing sneakers everywhere–get him this pair. They are insanely comfortable, polished, and aren’t offensive to wear to dinner. Every guy needs a polished overcoat to wear to work, dinner, weddings, and anywhere that requires an extra layer of warmth while still maintaining a respectful dress code. (If he really thinks he can get away with wearing that North Face everywhere–this is us telling him he can’t.) If he’s still wearing those old basketball shorts from college around the house, these will be a WELCOME upgrade for the gym, and just general lounging ? Neal’s biggest pet peeve with mens style in general is when men wear bad socks. They should always match your outfit. Yes, they are seen more often than you think. They should be long. No skin should be showing when you cross your legs and ABSOLUTELY NO WHITE! These dress socks are only $9.99 a pair and for that price, you should get two of each! Guys LOVE watches–but not everyone loves how much they can cost ? Neal always recommends this brand for a great design at an affordable price! James Purse is known for making tees that feel like butter–if you can’t get your guy to stop wearing t-shirts–that’s okay, because he’ll still look stylish in this one! It’s casual but polished at the same time! Practical, nondescript, and as manly as carry-on luggage can get. You can’t beat the price on this suitcase!  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heel Sandals, Denim Capris, Short Sleeve Blouses, Designer Gowns On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 19, 2013  I went to pretty much every store on Michigan Avenue yesterday. Usually when one needs a cocktail dress, this is a pretty good place to find one. Except for yesterday. Yesterday’s scene looked like a zombie apocalypse of formal dresses. If I had gone back in time to 2002 and went to the BP section of Nordstrom to shop for homecoming dresses, I would have had better luck finding something to wear to this damn wedding. Yeah, it was like that. I decided I was over that whole situation and instead opted to go with Rent The Runway. Amazing dresses, zero effort. They even ship you two sizes to make sure your dress fits perfectly. What’s not to love?  Here are some of my favorite selections perfect for any fall or winter wedding. Now…where to find my dancing shoes?    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Love the flirty skirt and peak-a-boo features of this Allison Parris dress   Milly has mastered the perfect LBD   Love this sweet little blush number– another gem from Allison Parris   dark green Badgley Mischka? yes please!   sassy Helmet Lang, perfect for a black tie wedding   (this is the one I’m getting!)   Sachin + Babi Foxtrot dress   This sparkly Tracy Reese might even give the bride a run for her money! Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Green Coats, Knit Turtlenecks, Sweater Cardigans, Silver Sandal Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 6, 2016   One of the most common questions I get asked over on Instagram is how to tie a bandana! This is, in fact, quite timely, seeing as I’m in Paris, rocking the bandana on the regular as we speak. I love the little “extra” something that bandanas add to outfits. They’re a great way to add a bit of roughness to a sweet or preppy outfit, and an easy way to jazz up your basics! So, if you’ve loved this tres-chic trend you’ve been seeing all over Pinterest lately–good news! I’m going to show you how to do it. (Even better news–you seriously cannot mess it up.) This method also applies to tying smaller, square scarves as well! Without further adieu, my friends–here’s how to tie a bandana like a French girl:




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 If you’re first wondering–wait! I don’t actually have a bandana–Urban Outfitters actually has a ton of them for cheap! Then there’s this one is less than five bucks! And this one is kind-of a cool hybrid silk scarf/bandana. (Best of both worlds!) Got it? Great! Proceed with your triangle-ing and continue on to the next step.   (Still with me? I know, this is riveting stuff.) You should end up with a little bandana roll-up loopy-situation. If it doesn’t lay totally flat or look perfect, that’s totally okay too. It’s supposed to look a little “undone,” you know? Yep, that’s all. Just wrap it around your neck, and tie it in the front! No fancy Boyscout knots required. You know how you tie your shoe laces? Yeah, it’s actually less complicated than that. When you’re done, I suggest shifting the knot to the side to avoid looking like Micky Mouse or a flight attendant. So–that’s it! Now when someone asks you how to tie a bandana–you know the answer! (You are so Parisian-chic!) Like this post? Also check out: These different Ways To Wear A Scarf. SaveSaveSaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Style 101  
Jenn Lake says  July 6, 2016 at 9:38 am So chic! And I’m loving that gorgeous sparkler on your ring finger! Hope you guys are having a blast in France! 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  July 6, 2016 at 10:43 am Super cute! 
Kelly in the City says  July 7, 2016 at 8:17 am Oh my goodness this is perfect.  Kelly | Kelly in the City […] How to Tie a Bandana Like a French Girl […] […] reads…My Top 25 Alfresco Dining Spots in Chicago, how to tie a scarf like a French girl, and an easy twist on a […] […] after seeing many a fellow fashion blogger rock this parisian-inspired look for months, i threw caution to the wind and ordered myself a silk bandana from madewell (during one […] […] to get your hands on! The Golden Girl blog gives a simple tutorial on how to tie them best here. I’ve linked a few affordable options […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Blouses And Tops, Leather Watches, Gowns Dresses, Slipper Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 15, 2015  Photo by David Tsay for the Sugar Paper Blog We’re back again with an updated FREE shipping post, in addition to some new shipping deadlines! Did you know, the shipping deadlines for arrival by Christmas Eve begin TODAY? Eeep! To make sure there are no surprises, I’ve listed every shipping deadline for USPS, FedEx and UPS below–so no worries, you can STILL get free shipping on your favorite items and get them in time for Christmas Eve.  (But seriously, you really need to get on that.)      Nordstrom:
Free standard shipping or online pickup + Free Returns. (Plus, Kate Spade, Tory Burch, and North Face are currently on sale!) Shop gifts for her: 
  Shop gifts for him:
    
Tuckernuck:
Free standard shipping on any order!      Bloomingdales:
Free shipping until 12/22, plus free pickup in store
(Plus, right now, save an extra 15% on regular priced items.)   Zappos:
Free 2 DAY Shipping + Free Returns. But order on the app, and get Free 1 day shipping!    Gap:
Free standard shipping on orders over $50 
(Save 40% with code COZY. They also have amazing PJ’s and sweaters!)    Madewell:
Free economy shipping on all orders!
Current Sale: Get 25% off your entire purchase with code YOUGOTTHIS   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   ShopBop: Free 3 Day Shipping + Free Returns!  LL Bean: Free standard shipping DSW: Free standard hipping on all orders + Free returns  Target: Free standard shipping on orders of $25  Ulta: Free standard shipping on orders over $45 + Free returns  Sephora: Free 3 day shipping on orders over $50 + Free returns   Revolve: Free shipping on all orders + Free returns Asos: Free shipping on orders over $40 + Free returns Banana Republic: Free standard shipping on orders over $50 Old Navy: Free shipping on orders over $50  Macy’s: Free shipping, plus free pickup in store   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 
Dec. 15 – Last day for USPS Standard Post Dec. 18 – Last day for FedEx Ground, FedEx Home Delivery, and UPS Ground Dec. 19 – Last day for USPS First Class Mail, FedEx Express, UPS 3-day select Dec. 21 – Last day for USPS Priority Mail, USPS First Class Mail  Dec. 22 – Last day for FedEx 2Day, UPS 2nd Day Air Dec. 23 – Last day for USPS Priority Mail Express, FedEx Overnight, UPS Next business day      Filed Under: Shop  
Kelly in the City says  December 3, 2015 at 6:57 pm HUZZAH! Great post. Thank you so much! I am a procrastinator. Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Tomi Obebe says  December 15, 2015 at 11:53 am Oh so am I! This is perfect. […] Still need to get started on  your holiday shopping? Here’s a list of sales happening right now–plus, have you seen my list of retailers with free shipping for the holidays?  […] […] Still need to get started on  your holiday shopping? Here’s a list of sales happening right now–plus, have you seen my list of retailers with free shipping for the holidays?  […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Colored Denim Jeans, Tan Blouses, Mini Satchels, Black Chokers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 7, 2015   There’s really nothing worse than being that girl with the icky towel on the beach, right? Okay, there’s a lot worse, but still. It’s always embarrassing when you run into friends on the beach and you’re all like, “Oh, that’s our spot over there! With the-um-ratty little mermaid bath towel?”  The other annoying thing is that beach towels often come with a hefty price tag. Why? I have no idea, but no, I’m not forking over $150 for a piece of terrycloth that is going to get grimy with sand in less than 2 seconds. Now, $29? That sounds much better!  So I was really excited when I came accross the beach towels at One King’s Lane. That’s one website I always forget about, until I happen across it again and I think to myself, “oh my GOSH if I could LIVE in a website it would be this one!” And their beach towel game? Totally on point. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 So, without further delay, I present to you, 15 adorable (and affordable) beach towels.  
     Filed Under: Lifestyle, Shop  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Yellow Bikinis, Modest Dresses, Long Black Gowns, Platform Black Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 24, 2019   WOAH you guys, how is it already Thursday!? I know I mentioned this earlier this week, but today begins what is going to be kind of a marathon. Here’s the short version:  First, HUGE exciting news for me––I’m partnering with Capital One this week (Neal and I have been huge lovers of their Venture card for a long time now! It has the most amazing perks, especially if you love to travel!) I’m helping to promote their new partnership with the James Beard Foundation and their new Taste America events! (They’re coming to 19 more cities this year and next!)  So we have a cocktail reception for that tonight, and a Gala dinner on Friday– I’m SO excited! (And so nice they’re letting me bring Neal too!)  Then, we’re having some friends over on Saturday night (just wait until you see our costumes! They are very…us? ) and then Sunday is my bestie Melissa’s baby shower.  Anyway, today I’m so excited to be doing a moto jacket styling session with two blogger friends, Maddy and Christin! I’ve been following Maddy for a while now (thanks to our mutual friend Natalie–you should absolutely follow her too if you aren’t already!) I’m a big fan of Maddy’s content––so when she asked if I wanted to team up for a little styling session with herself and her friend Christin I said “OF COURSE!” I actually hadn’t been introduced to Christin’s account before, but she has SO many helpful styling tips and I know you guys will really like following her too!  I love doing these styling sessions with other blogger friends because I think it’s so incredibly helpful for you guys to see so many ways to wear a certain item, especially on people with different styles and body types!  Additionally, it’s a really great way for us as bloggers to gain new readership! (Which is obviously kind of imperative for our career growth!) But most of all, it’s just plain FUN to collaborate with other really cool women who are all doing different but inspiring things with their content!  So anyway, I hope you love today’s styling session! Make sure to tune into IG stories later today for our live styling videos going up later! Once you watch mine, definitely give Maddy and Christin a follow to see how they style their moto jackets!  A moto jacket is definitely one item I would consider to be a year-round, “evergreen” wardrobe staple. It can be worn with just about everything–I use one to take a tee and jeans from “boring and basic” to “effortlessly stylish.” I’ll throw one over a cocktail dress to give it more depth and edge. It’s even great to wear to the office to take your outfit from “boring work outfit” to “stylish workwear.” The combinations are endless!  Today, I’ll be stying my most-worn suede moto jacket (it’s old but I will link similar below!) I love jackets with beige/tan/brown tones because they’re so versatile and goes with everything–but don’t get caught up on the color–a classic brown or black leather jacket would go well with all of these looks–as would a colored suede jacket, too! It’s all about your own style preference!  BlankNYC makes quite a few jackets that are very similar to mine and they are my favorite brand when it comes to moto jackets. They’re really well-made and will last you forever, and typically run under $200, making for a great investment piece that won’t totally blow your budget.  Shop my favorite similar Moto jackets:    Shirt: Sezane–also love this one and this one! Size up! Runs very small b/c it’s European sizes. I’m wearing a US 4 but probably could’ve done the US 6 because the sleeves are a little snug–and I’m usually a size 2 in tops!) Jeans: c/o Everlane–run TTS! (Wearing size 25) Shoes: Sam Edelman Jacket: Similar here and here  You know I always harp on the Juxtaposition rule–and this is a really good example of taking several different styles and throwing them all together for a look that is well balanced and interesting. The shoes and top are feminine, the jeans and jacket add a little bit of tomboy edge–it works perfectly!  A lot of you have been asking me to review Everlane’s 90’s Cheeky Jean in comparison with my beloved Cheeky Straight jean–and this is the 90’s Cheeky! I LOVE it! The main difference is that the fit is looser in the thigh and the leg is tapered, vs with the Cheeky straight, the fit is tighter and the leg is straight. (These are the regular length, and I’m 5’6 for reference.)  I also think this top needs its own call-out–it is STUNNING. I absolutely love Sezane and this Is my first button down I’ve purchased from them–I love the buttons and the girly ruffle details on the collar and sleeves! (Sizing tip: Size up at least 1 to 2 sizes! It’s a French brand, so it runs small!) They have SO many beautiful designs–shop all their tops here!   Tee: c/o Everlane (runs big–I’m wearing XS and it’s still very roomy. Meant to be oversized!) Jeans: c/o Everlane–run TTS! (Wearing size 25) Shoes: Tretorn (30% off right now at Bloomingdales! SO comfy–run TTS!), Jacket: Similar here and here  This is a great example of how a moto jacket can totally dress up a casual/basic jeans + tee outfit! When you want to me comfortable, but stylish, this is a great outfit formula that will never fail you! Also–THIS TEE is amazing. It’s Everlane’s air tee and it’s SO incredibly soft–it’s oversized, so it’s perfect for knotting in the front! You’ll wear it nonstop–and I love the new “oatmeal” color that is a nice mix-up from a white tee for Fall!   Jeans: Levi’s Wedgie Straight jeans (size up–wearing size 26 and I’m almost always a 25. I cut off the hem b/c I wanted them raw hem!) Camisole: Old but I love Sezane’s lace camisole and I love BP’s lace cami for $39–I have the leopard version but it comes in black too! Jacket: Similar here and here  Shoes: Sam Edelman (mine are 8 million years old but this is the latest iteration of them! They will last you forever and are so comfortable! They’re my go-to wedding shoes in the winter and I wear them just as much with jeans!)  This is pretty much my #1 most-worn date night uniform! It’s perfect for all seasons and pretty much all occasions, too! You wouldn’t look out of place wearing this to a fancy restaurant OR your favorite neighborhood bar. It’s also the PERFECT first date outfit–not too dressy, not too casual, sexy but still modest! It will never steer you wrong!   Jacket: Similar here and here Shoes: Sam Edelman (mine are 8 million years old but this is the latest iteration of them! They will last you forever and are so comfortable! They’re my go-to wedding shoes in the winter and I wear them just as much with jeans!) Skirt: Topshop (runs small, go up a size! Wearing 4!)  If you’re looking for a slightly dressier look–swap the jeans for a midi skirt, and you’ve got the perfect dressy look! I also love using a moto jacket as more of an accessory–draping it over my shoulders vs fully putting it on. It looks much more effortless this way, and this is my preferred way to wear it to dinner. Instead of carrying it around to have an extra layer in case I get cold, I use it to add a stylish twist to my outfit!   Top: Everlane washable silk blouse (c/o–run TTS–wearing size 2) I also love their classic silk button down! Pants: Everlane straight leg crops in “Sandstone” (c/o–run TTS–wearing 25) See more ways to style these pants here! Jacket: Similar here and here Loafers: Everlane Modern Loafer–run narrow, go up 1/2 size! Headband: Urban Outfitters  Last but not least–this might be my favorite outfit of the bunch! You know I’m a sucker for an all-neutral outfit, and this is no exception! This is a great example of an outfit I might wear to brand meetings–and would also be great if you work in a more casual, but professional office environment! Back to the Juxaposition rule again–lots of different styles coming together here! The loafers and pants are minimalistic/modern. The blouse is classic, the jacket adds a pop of edge, and the headband adds a trendy twist.   Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Long Dresses, Sweater Cardigans, Long Black Maxi Dresses, Printed Sweaters and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 2, 2018   Shop the collage: Lightweight Wool & Cashmere Pashmina, 14K Gold Initial Necklace, Striped Pajamas, Aveda Tea, Shower Cap, Lightweight Summer Cardigan, Classic Tote, “Mama” Ring, The Best White Crewneck Tee, iPhone Charging Bracelet, Silk Bandana, Yoga Sweatshirt, Allbirds Chic + Comfy Wool Sneakers, Cuyana Travel Bag Set, The Best Trench, Beautycounter Hair + Body Set  Hi guys! Coming at you from a San Francisco coffee shop–I’m sipping an ice coffee, the windows are open and the breeze is rolling through, and to top it off, a French Bulldog named Pimp just jumped in my lap!? He’s literally laying across my arm as I’m typing this ? It’s officially the best day ever! So, speaking of this beautiful weather, can you believe it’s Mothers Day already!? I’m always surprised when it rolls around because it means Spring is FINALLY here (after sooo much waiting!) I’m really excited this year because I will actually be with my own mother for Mothers Day for the first time in…TWELVE years!? OMG. I can’t believe it’s been that long–but yes, since I went to college! She’s flying in this upcoming Saturday and she’ll be here to celebrate both Mothers Day and her birthday. Neal’s dad and brother will be out of town, so it will just be the girls all celebrating together (with Neal ?). We’re planning to meet up with my mother in law (Juj! ) in the city for either brunch or dinner. Anyyywayyy, how are you celebrating Mothers Day? If you’re still looking for a gift, I’ve rounded up my favorites today that are suitable for any budget, and any kind of mama! I think a lightweight pashmina like this is the most foolproof gift–it’s a high quality wool and cashmere blend, it’s lightweight, which means she’ll wear it all seasons (it’s ideal for frequent travelers because it comes in really handy on the plane and also stashes easily in your bag!) It comes in tons of colors, and the price can’t be beat! My sister works for this company, Nashelle, who makes the prettiest dainty jewelry! This necklace would be so special to get a new mom with her new baby’s initials, or her own! “I have enough luxurious, soft, comfy, chic pajamas” said no woman ever. I adore these from J.Crew and like how they aren’t insanely baggy like a lot of other long pajamas are! Have you ever had this tea? It’s seriously the most amazing thing you’ve ever tasted. For the mom who loves her tea, or just could use a comforting, calming pick-me-up during the day (or at night)–this is an amazing gift. Comes in both loose leaf and teabags. Wouldn’t it be cute paired with a cute coffee mug? My mom is a shower cap fanatic–if yours is too, upgrade her shower cap for her by buying her one of these adorable “Shhhower caps!” It completely seals your hair in (so no steam or water gets through!) and doesn’t make that horrific loud sound when the water hits it! Plus, it’s actually adorable and you won’t feel like you’re in a 1950’s sitcom wearing it. For the mom who is ALWAYS cold, even in the summer, she’ll love Madewell’s updated “summer” version of their Ryder cardigan. It’s a lightweight blend that she’ll want to take everywhere with her. (She may need one for home and one for her office chair!) How sweet is this ring that says “mama?” It also comes in silver! The price is so great, it’s hard to pass up! I’ve heard AMAZING things about Everlane’s totes (just like everything else they make!) Madewell also makes a very similar one that is my personal go-to! (The biggest difference is that Everlane’s appears to be more structured and less deep!) They both come in a variety of colors! I know, I know, I’ve made you wait a REALLY long time for my big “best white t-shirt” comparison post, but here’s a little hint at who won the contest: I think Everlane’s tees are pretty hard to beat. If your mom is as picky as my mom, she wants a super soft tee that is polished, isn’t too short, and in NO way see through–well, here it is! For the tech-obsessed mom who always seems to be running out of battery–this is the best solution I’ve ever seen! ? You can monogram it, too! This adorable bandana actually says “Best Mom Ever” in the middle (so cute!) which you can’t notice when you tie it around you neck, but it’s the cutest little hidden message that will remind Mom of how much you love her! For the yogi mom (or the mom who doesn’t actually do yoga but loves her cute and comfy activewear)–this funnel neck sweatshirt comes in a bunch of colors and is polished enough to wear around town! If your mom is looking for a good pair of sneakers, she’ll LOVE Allbirds. They have a good amount of support without looking frumpy. They’re especially great if she’s got a trip coming up where she’ll be doing a fair amount of walking! She wont complain about her feet hurting (or overheating, either, because wool is naturally moisture-wicking and cooling, too!) Basically, she’ll run out of things to complain about with these, which, as you know–is hard to find ? Oh, and they come in lot’s of colors, too! Regardless of if she’s an avid wearer of all-black, or she’s looking for some pink sneakers to add to her collection, she’ll find a pair for her! Yes, this is technically a travel set, but these bags honestly look just as pretty sitting on the bathroom counter as they do in a suitcase! If she’s been hauling around that some old gift with purchase ratty makeup bag since you were a child, it’s time to give her a nice upgrade. The monogram with gold foil is really the cherry on top! This is a slightly different version of the trench coat I got a couple years back (but it’s on sale!!) Both are amazing coats made by London Fog, which is a brand I am now IN LOVE with. It’s the most versatile coat in my closet–has a removable liner and hood. It would make the best gift for everyone, but especially a mom with really classic style! A great gift for the mom (or anyone!) who loves beauty products. Beautycounter is one of my favorite brands and this is the brand of shampoo, conditioner and bodywash I’ve been using for over a year–it’s sulfate free, with no toxins of any kind! SaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSave Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Allie says  May 2, 2018 at 8:38 am What a wonderful day you have planned! It just sounds lovely! I think the tote is my favorite – it’s something moms will use a lot, and think of you! I love gifts that are both useful and sweet. xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Off Shoulder Dresses, Classic Tops, Formal Gowns, Workout Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 20, 2018  Hii guys! Okay, I’m publishing Friday’s post a little early, because I’ve already gotten a couple of DM’s about NYE outfit ideas today, and I figured, why not? Can you believe 2019 is so close!? EEK!  It’s that time when we all start thinking “oh gosh, what on EARTH am I going to wear on New Years Eve?!”  Let’s be honest, sparkly sequined dresses are SO FAR from where I am in my life, I wasn’t even going to do a post on NYE outfits–but last year, I asked you guys about it on Insta and everyone basically jumped through the phone, yelling– “I AM SO OVER THE SPARKLY DRESSES AND WRISTBAND DEALS BUT WHAT DOES 30 YEAR OLD WEAR TO A NYE HOUSE PARTY!?” (We are all SO on the same page–it’s amazing ?) That post went on to be so popular last year, I had to refresh it with some new *ring in 2019* outfits–and here we are! So, that being said, you will find no glitter mini skirts or gold sequined hot pants in this post (although, I really did once own a pair of those when I was 23!)  These are all outfits you can wear to any casual get-together–be it at your own house, a bar, hanging with family–whatever! I pulled together these ideas from my own closet, and I hope they make getting dressed on NYE a little easier! (Also, if you DO want to order something, you know, there’s still time for it to arrive by the 31’st ?And in some cases, even Christmas, for that matter!) Also…help me pick one to wear to dinner on New Years?! Would love your opinion!  Here we go!   Top: Nordstrom thermal tunic (runs TTS, wearing xs) Leggings: Spanx pebbled leather leggings–shop more Spanx styles here!  Boots: Blondo (mine are old, but this pair is this year’s version, and this pair is very similar, just shorter)–these boots are amazing because they’re waterproof AND the back is stretchy, so it adjusts to all calf sizes (especially narrow ones–these are the only boots that fit my calves other than Stuart Weitzman!)  Earrings: old but these are nearly identical, and I love these, and these! Lipstick: Beautycounter’s color intense lipstick in ‘Premiere’ (only available in this mini lipstick set, but they also sell full sized lipsticks in other colors! (My favorite full sized colors are ‘9-5’ and ‘Twilight!’ They also don’t dry out your lips like other high pigment lipsticks do!)  Going to a small get-together at your best friends house? Whether it’s a pizza party or a potluck, or you’re just meeting up with some friends before dinner–this is a great outfit to throw on. It’s comfortable, but still very stylish. The faux leather gives the outfit a little something extra, and paired with a statement earring, you’re festive but low-key at the same time!   Camisole: Mine is old but nearly identical here and here–this velvet top with the bows on the straps would also be SO cute! (CamiNYC also makes the most beautiful tanks–they’re a little more expensive but high quality!)   Sam Edelman Pumps: Run TTS–Best all-purpose heels EVER. I’ve had mine for years!  J.Crew leopard midi skirt:  I’m in LOVE. I need more midi skirts in my life. I forgot how beautiful and feminine they make you feel! So cute for so many different occasions and something you’ll want to wear all year round! Runs true to size, wearing a size 0. Available at both Nordstrom and J.Crew!  Sam Edelman Pumps: Run TTS–Best all-purpose heels EVER. I’ve had mine for years!  Earrings: Old, but similar here and here!  Lipstick: Beautycounter’s color intense lipstick in ‘Premiere’ (only available in this mini lipstick set, but they also sell full sized lipsticks in other colors! (My favorite full sized colors are ‘9-5’ and ‘Twilight!’ They also don’t dry out your lips like other high pigment lipsticks do!)  I am absolutely in love with this skirt–despite making a statement, it’s actually quite versatile due to the length! It looks cute with sweaters, a nicer blouse to dress up for work, but perhaps my favorite way to wear it is with a slinky, lacy camisole! This is the dressiest look of the bunch, but it’s still not what I’d call “formal”–if you’re going to a cocktail party at your best friend’s house–this is the perfect thing to wear! Festive, but not over the top!   BlankNYC moto jacket: I LOVE this jacket. It seriously feels like a $500+ jacket and it’s only $125 (33% off right now!) Runs TTS. This one is also very similar!  Camisole: Mine is old but nearly identical here and here–this velvet top with the bows on the straps would also be SO cute!  J.Crew leopard midi skirt:  I’m in LOVE. I need more midi skirts in my life. I forgot how beautiful and feminine they make you feel! So cute for so many different occasions and something you’ll want to wear all year round! Runs true to size, wearing a size 0. Available at both Nordstrom and J.Crew!  Sam Edelman Pumps: Run TTS–Best all-purpose heels EVER. I’ve had mine for years!  Earrings: Old, but similar here and here!  Lipstick: Beautycounter’s color intense lipstick in ‘Premiere’ (only available in this mini lipstick set, but they also sell full sized lipsticks in other colors! (My favorite full sized colors are ‘9-5’ and ‘Twilight!’ They also don’t dry out your lips like other high pigment lipsticks do!)  Same outfit as above, but doesn’t it look COMPLETELY different with a burgundy moto jacket thrown into the mix? It takes it from girly and feminine and transforms it into something with a bit of edge that feels much more fashion forward, but also makes it a bit more casual. If you’re getting dressed for a party where you don’t know that many people and aren’t sure what to wear, this is a great option. You won’t feel overdressed, but if you arrive and people are fancier, you can just remove the jacket and feel much more party-proper.   Plaid velvet tank: Runs TTS–so cute dressed up or down! Also available at J.Crew!  Leather jacket: Old, but similar here!  Rag + Bone skinny jeans: 33% off! I absolutely adore these jeans. They are FABULOUS. So soft, so stretchy, and high rise but not TOO high. I love the subtle raw hem that isn’t TOO edgy, but a nice mix up from the average hem. I’m 5’6 for height reference and I would say if you’re in doubt, size down. They run big.  Sam Edelman Pumps: Run TTS–Best all-purpose heels EVER. I’ve had mine for years!  Lipstick: Beautycounter’s color intense lipstick in ‘Premiere’ (only available in this mini lipstick set, but they also sell full sized lipsticks in other colors! (My favorite full sized colors are ‘9-5’ and ‘Twilight!’ They also don’t dry out your lips like other high pigment lipsticks do!)  I love this velvet tank because, again, it feels very festive for the season, but not so over the top that you feel odd wearing it after Christmas. You could, of course, wear it without the jacket (it always gets so hot in parties anyway!) but I like the jacket paired with it for a bit of a twist!   Wrap bodysuit: The one I’m wearing here is Madewell (on sale for 25% off!), size small, but it’s selling out, so I would check out J.Crew’s identical version (also on sale!) if you don’t see your size! If you can’t find your size! It’s really versatile and so many people have DMed me thanking me for turning them onto the wrap bodysuit! It’s the perfect balance of sexy without being freezing ? Also, if wrap bodysuits aren’t your thing, this pretty long-sleeve wrap top is the same effect, just not as tight! Boots: Blondo (mine are old, but this pair is this year’s version, and this pair is very similar, just shorter)–these boots are amazing because they’re waterproof AND the back is stretchy, so it adjusts to all calf sizes (especially narrow ones–these are the only boots that fit my calves other than Stuart Weitzman!)  Plaid mini skirt: $52 I love how this skirt isn’t TOO short, and it’s festive plaid, but not so festive that you won’t want to wear it past Christmas (thanks to the hint of blue in it!) You can totally wear it with tights or OTK boots! Runs TTS, I’m wearing an XS. Also comes in plus size!  Earrings: Old, but similar here and here!  Lipstick: Beautycounter’s color intense lipstick in ‘Premiere’ (only available in this mini lipstick set, but they also sell full sized lipsticks in other colors! (My favorite full sized colors are ‘9-5’ and ‘Twilight!’ They also don’t dry out your lips like other high pigment lipsticks do!)  I absolutely ADORE this skirt. It definitely has a little bit of a Blair Waldorf vibe, but with the addition of the bodysuit, it keeps it from being too “preppy schoolgirl”–don’t you think? You could easily make it dressier with tights and pumps, but to keep things low-key (this is a “casual” NYE outfit roundup after all), I paired it with flat OTK boots.   Camisole: Mine is old but nearly identical here and here–this velvet top with the bows on the straps would also be SO cute!  Rag + Bone skinny jeans: 33% off–$132– I absolutely adore these jeans. They are FABULOUS. So soft, so stretchy, and high rise but not TOO high. I love the subtle raw hem that isn’t TOO edgy, but a nice mix up from the average hem. I’m 5’6 for height reference and I would say if you’re in doubt, size down. They run big!  Sam Edelman Pumps: Run TTS–Best all-purpose heels EVER. I’ve had mine for years!  Lipstick: Beautycounter’s color intense lipstick in ‘Premiere’ (only available in this mini lipstick set, but they also sell full sized lipsticks in other colors! (My favorite full sized colors are ‘9-5’ and ‘Twilight!’ They also don’t dry out your lips like other high pigment lipsticks do!)  Whenever Neal and I go out on a dressed-up date, 99% of the time, I’m wearing this EXACT outfit. I think every woman on the planet needs to own a slinky, silk camisole. It’s sexy, demure, and feminine all at the same time. I always wear it with skinny jeans, and always classic pumps. It never fails me, and I always feel like a million bucks in it!   Wrap bodysuit:The one I’m wearing here is Madewell (on sale for 25% off!), size small, but it’s selling out, so I would check out J.Crew’s identical version (also on sale!) if you don’t see your size! If you can’t find your size! It’s really versatile and so many people have DMed me thanking me for turning them onto the wrap bodysuit! It’s the perfect balance of sexy without being freezing ? BlankNYC skirt available here, and here too! (FYI–Shopbop has lot’s of good BlankNYC stuff and 2 day Prime shipping!)  Cardigan: I am OBSESSED with this cardigan. It’s so cute left open or completely buttoned down the front with a lacy camisole underneath–and so comfy and soft!  Blondo Boots (mine are old, but this pair is this year’s version, and this pair is very similar, just shorter)–these boots are amazing because they’re waterproof AND the back is stretchy, so it adjusts to all calf sizes (especially narrow ones–these are the only boots that fit my calves other than Stuart Weitzman!) Earrings: Old, but similar here and here! Baublebar makes the best statement earrings if you want more!  Lipstick: Beautycounter’s color intense lipstick in ‘Premiere’ (only available in this mini lipstick set, but they also sell full sized lipsticks in other colors! (My favorite full sized colors are ‘9-5’ and ‘Twilight!’ They also don’t dry out your lips like other high pigment lipsticks do!)  I love this outfit so much because it’s a bit of an unexpected pairing, but it works so well! It’s a little bit dressy, but still casual–a little bit sexy, but a lot cozy. Don’t be afraid to pair a cardigan with a skirt or dress–it totally works to bring an outfit down a couple notches to make it a bit low-key!   Rag + Bone skinny jeans: 33% off–$132– I absolutely adore these jeans. They are FABULOUS. So soft, so stretchy, and high rise but not TOO high. I love the subtle raw hem that isn’t TOO edgy, but a nice mix up from the average hem. I’m 5’6 for height reference and I would say if you’re in doubt, size down. They run big!  Sam Edelman Pumps: Run TTS–Best all-purpose heels EVER. I’ve had mine for years! (Shop more here, too!)  Wrap bodysuit:The one I’m wearing here is Madewell (on sale for 25% off!), size small, but it’s selling out, so I would check out J.Crew’s identical version (also on sale!) if you don’t see your size! If you can’t find your size! It’s really versatile and so many people have DMed me thanking me for turning them onto the wrap bodysuit! It’s the perfect balance of sexy without being freezing ? Earrings: Old, but similar here and here!  The classic way I love to wear this bodysuit. Simple, but significant! It makes just enough (not too much) of a statement, and it’s the perfect outfit to wear out. If we’re being honest, this is an outfit you wear when you want to be warm, but you don’t want your husband to make fun of you for dressing like a grandma ?EVERYBODY WINS!   Wrap bodysuit:The one I’m wearing here is Madewell (on sale for 25% off!), size small, but it’s selling out, so I would check out J.Crew’s identical version (also on sale!) if you don’t see your size! If you can’t find your size! It’s really versatile and so many people have DMed me thanking me for turning them onto the wrap bodysuit! It’s the perfect balance of sexy without being freezing ? Sam Edelman Pumps: Run TTS–Best all-purpose heels EVER. I’ve had mine for years!  J.Crew leopard midi skirt:  I’m in LOVE. I need more midi skirts in my life. I forgot how beautiful and feminine they make you feel! So cute for so many different occasions and something you’ll want to wear all year round! Runs true to size, wearing a size 0. Available at both Nordstrom and J.Crew!  Earrings: Old, but similar here and here!  Two of the same stunners you’ve already seen above, but married together in perfect harmony! There’s nothing to not love about this outfit! It’s a bit more casual than the version with the silk camisole, and a little bit warmer too!    Blondo Boots (mine are old, but this pair is this year’s version, and this pair is very similar, just shorter)–these boots are amazing because they’re waterproof AND the back is stretchy, so it adjusts to all calf sizes. Run TTS!  Plaid velvet tank: Runs TTS–so cute dressed up or down! Also available at J.Crew! Comes in a solid version, too! BlankNYC skirt available here, and here too! BlankNYC moto jacket: I LOVE this jacket. It seriously feels like a $500+ jacket and it’s only $125 (33% off right now!) Runs TTS. This one is also very similar! (Shop more Blank jackets here!)  I had honestly never thought about putting this combination together before I just started trying on different variations of outfits–this ended up being my favorite outfit of them all! I think this is the best “goldilocks” outfit. You want to look cute, but casual. Not TOO casual, but definitely not dressy. Fashionable, but not overly trendy. Feminine, but not “girly girl,” and festive, but not over the top. This is it! I also love how all the textures work together–you have the velvet of the top, the suede of the jacket and boots, the leather look of the skirt. They all work together to create a really interesting outfit!   Filed Under: Holiday, Style  
Maru Aparicio says  December 23, 2017 at 6:04 am Nice post! perfect for this season, and when you have a lot of work and you dont know what you going to wear. I would like a post about outfits for NYE in the beach. I live in Argentina, and here is summer, so evereybody goes to their beach houses for NYE.  Happy Holidays Jess! 
Robin says  December 20, 2018 at 8:21 pm I love all these outfits!!  I also love that this is a capsule wardrobe because you have a lot of the pieces shuffled into very cute combinations.  This would work for a travel wardrobe too, maybe with more casual shoes for daytime.  I am planning on a green velvet  J Crew tank with skinny jeans, leather jacket and leopard boots for NYE which is perfect for a low key evening with friends! 
Adrianna says  December 27, 2018 at 10:32 am Such great options ! I found 10 new looks you might enjoy for NYE as well  They have links to all the outfits too! https://llegance.com/nye/ 
Haley says  December 28, 2018 at 1:12 pm That burgundy suede jacket is gorgeous. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Embellished Sandals, Light Blue Jeans, Silver Sandals, Knit Turtlenecks and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 11, 2016   Coat: c/o Ann Taylor (sold out) but similar here // Boots: Dav (almost sold out) but similar here and here // Turtleneck: Gap (old) but similar here and here // Pants: c/o Vineyard Vines Ponte Pants (also similar here and here)  // Hat: Gap (old) similar here, here, and here // Sunglasses: Ray Ban (but this version is $50 less!) // Bag: Lo & Sons (also love this Kate Spade version!)   
Happy Monday!  How many times did you hit the snooze button this morning?  I swear it’s the weather! How is one supposed to get up when it feels like negative 5 degrees outside? However, we had a pretty great weekend, cold temperatures considered! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Remember when I told you Pilsen was our new favorite place to hang out? Well, I wasn’t kidding! We went back there on Friday night and had tacos at Taqueria Iguala (a total hole in the wall, literally, but probably the best tacos I’ve ever had) and then went to Punch House for cocktails afterwords. So fun! Then on Saturday we had a much overdue date with Emily, Kelly, and the boys. Sunday we slept in and then got brunch at one of our favorite old school West Loop diners, Palace Grill, and then I hung out with two of my best friends/old roommates to watch the Packers game. All in all, a successful weekend! What did you do?   Now…on to today’s outfit! If we’re being honest here, I did have to layer my puffy coat OVER my camel coat because it was THAT cold when we shot these photos yesterday. However in normal conditions, it’s an outerwear option that can’t be beat. I absolutely love how timeless and chic my camel coat is–and paired with a head to toe black and white ensemble, it’s really just the best. This minimal white turtleneck has also been one I’ve reached for a lot lately and is one of those staples you’ll always be thankful that you have on hand.  Also, have you ever heard of Ponte pants? Because they’re my new thing. Like leggings, but real pants, so you can actually wear them to work and out to dinner without feeling schleppy. They are THE BEST. If you like wearing leggings, I suggest you get yourself a pair ASAP. I’ve worn mine three times in the past week!  Then, there are these rain boots that don’t actually look like rain boots. A great staple if you live somewhere like Chicago, or if you really dislike the look of typical rain boots. And the secret to staying warm: a good hat. (Did you know that most heat escapes through your head? Weird.) Extra credit if it has a pom pom!   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Last but not least: aviators. Because sometimes, the reflection of the sun on frozen snow is just slightly blinding. Oh, and also because when there’s a -18 wind chill, my eyes water uncontrollably and smear my eyeliner, making sunglasses a winter photo shoot essential There–now you know all my secrets.     Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kelly in the City says  January 11, 2016 at 9:18 am Hahaha — Puffer coat OVER another coat. We’ve all been there, hehe — Still laughing. LOVE this look, Jess, and I LOVED SATURDAY!!!!  XOXO!!! Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Christina says  January 11, 2016 at 10:12 am Even though I’ve lived in Chicago my whole life, I am still never mentally prepared for how cold our winters get! That coat is so gorgeous, and from your photos, you’d never know the temperature was in the single digits. Also, I need those boots! Christina | A Sentimental Adventure 
Gemini Tauberge says  January 11, 2016 at 1:32 pm you’re such a doll! Love the outfit — my camel coat has been a lifesaver this winter.  ♥
Gem
milkwhitemoon.blogspot.com 
Carly says  January 11, 2016 at 2:45 pm YEP YEP YEPPPP that jacket. Thumbs up. A+.
http://www.theclydescope.com  
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  January 11, 2016 at 2:50 pm I’m glad that I’m not the only one who finds the snow to be blinding – it’s rough on the eyes, especially when you’re out taking blog photos! Absolutely love this outfit on you, such a classic winter look. Happy Monday! 
Erin says  January 11, 2016 at 4:09 pm Love the Chicago restaurant recos. I’m headed that way for the long MLK weekend to see the bf, and after checking out Punch House’s website, I think it’s safe to say there’s a likely chance we may end up there. I’ll let you know if we do! 
-E amie-eo.blogspot.com 
Maggie says  January 11, 2016 at 4:13 pm You are SO cute! I’m glad you had such a fun weekend and could relax. Those are the best 
http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  January 11, 2016 at 8:45 pm love this coat! and this whole look, so cute! […] (P.S. if you’re not a Hunter gal, be sure to check out my other favorite rain boots here and here!) I love them so much! They come in real handy for stomping through the salt and slush […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Short Sleeved Blouses, Sweater Cardigans, Pink Sneakers, Shoe Wedges On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 8, 2016   Coat: Zara (old) but similar here, here, here, here and also love this draped version! You can also see it styled here! // Jeans: Paige Denim (not this exact pair, but very close!) also love these similar styles here, here (budget friendly!) and Gap also has some amazing pairs! (Love this pair and this pair in particular!) // Sweater: old, identical here,  here (with PRIME shipping!) here (turtleneck version) and here ($24!) // Shoes: Vince Camuto (they also come in a dark red and black!) Also, if you like a lower heel, this nude t-strap version is great and a good price, or this studded Kate Spade version with a bow is to die for!// Bag: Old Kate Spade, but love Rebecca Minkoff’s twin version even more! (Her ‘Love’ crossbody also comes in a beautiful light pink!) // Watch: Coach // Bracelet: Busywrist    When I first bought this pink coat years ago, I second guessed myself. Pink is not a color you’ll find much of in my closet–(I think it starts and ends with this coat and this purse, and a new vintage dress I just bought last weekend) although, I’m REALLY loving pink lately, and I’m looking forward to adding more of the feminine color to my rotation this year.   But, despite my doubts, it ended up topping the list of my best ever purchases. When it comes to buying coats, I always think of my friend Maria‘s advice (which she got from her grandmother!) Find a coat you love, and buy it in a fun color that makes you feel beautiful. (She was so right!) You can also see this coat styled in this post. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I was actually running VERY behind before this shoot (per usual, big shocker there) and only had 10 minutes to get ready before I was supposed to leave, so I stuck to two tried and true combinations that always work for me: 1. one color scheme (in this instance, neutrals) and 2. boyfriend jeans + feminine heels. (It’s the perfect “opposites attract” factor that makes it work so well.) Plus, these shoes really make everything look good (#swoon).  I got them from Zappos a few weeks back and was so sad when they sold out so quickly (I hate when I’m so excited to share something new with you and then it sells out before you can buy it for your own pretty closet!) but I found that Dillards still has them in stock! (I’ve never shopped there personally, but hey, looks like they have great taste in shoes!) You can also snag them in three other colors at Nordstrom!  To top off my “10 minute sprint getting ready session” I went through several different sweaters (all now covering my floor. My Grandpa would have described this scene as a “whirling dervish,” a term he often used to describe me as a chaotic young human. Some things never change) and finally landed on this fuzzy number. I absolutely love the texture of it, which makes the outfit a bit more interesting.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

HOWEVER although I love all of these things, my favorite item of them all is this sweet, delicate rose gold necklace that Neal’s sister, Maura got me for Christmas. (You can order one on Etsy here!) It’s engraved with the coordinates of home in Oregon and is perhaps one of the most thoughtful gifts ever. She picked it out intentionally to match my initial “J” necklace. (Thank you, Maura!!) His mom also got me some other amazing jewelry you’ll be seeing in a later post.  So, with no time to shower, up went my hair into this messy chignon, which I haven’t done in forever–I forgot how much I liked it! YAY let’s all embrace dirty hair more, shall we?  Finally (seriously, sorry I am SUCH a chatterbox today) with little time, my makeup was minimal: foundation, bronzer, a swipe of mascara and the kicker: liquid eyeliner for a subtle cat eye, and a bright pink lip, which make such a stunning combo, nobody will notice you’re barely wearing any other makeup! So let’s get into more detail here– The cat eye: I have NEVER been able to master the cat eye. Either the line I make is super wobbly, I can never get my eyes even, the formula dries too fast and then I can’t correct it, or it dries too slow and as soon as I blink I have black eyeliner everywhere on my eye lids. But then Clinique sent me their “Pretty Easy” liquid eyeliner pen (during a meeting with their team I had complained how terrible I was with liquid eyeliner) and they were convinced their eyeliner pen was the answer. (They were right! And no, they didn’t ask me to say this, either.) You guys I LOVE this product. I’ve worn it so much that I’m almost out and will be re-ordering more. The pen is super easy to draw on, and it dries quick, but not too quickly that you can’t correct it with a q-tip here and there. Please give it a try! (By the way, I recommend buying all experimental beauty products from Sephora or Nordstrom, which offer 100% money back guarantees if you don’t like the product!) Okay, stepping off the eyeliner soap box, let’s move on.  The pink lip: Before a wedding earlier this summer, I was determined to find a lipstick that stayed put all night. I’ve spent too much time at weddings worrying about my damn lipstick. (One of the few occasions where you actually NEED a lipstick to last from 2pm-2am. How many times have you walked into the bathroom at a wedding at 10pm absolutely HORRIFIED at how bad your lipstick looks? #Shudder). So I walked up to the M.A.C. counter and was introduced to M.A.C. lip primer, and matte Pro Longwear lip pencil, which you apply before your lipstick or gloss. And you guys, it WORKS.   The typical application process consists of: 1. lip primer, 2. Filling in the lip with the pencil (the shade you select should match the lip color you plan to layer over it) and 3. Finishing with a swipe of M.A.C. matte lipstick. It’s magical. I’m actually wearing it as we speak. I applied it three hours ago and have gone through two cups of coffee and it hasn’t budged.  Anyway, for this shoot, I swapped the matte lipstick for a pink gloss instead during the third step (I like BareMinerals Marvelous Moxie gloss in “Forbidden Nude”) and it’s the prettiest combination that lasts remarkably well.    




 
 Favorite Pink Coats:    
Fuzzy Sweaters:    
Best Boyfriend Jeans:    
Feminine T-Strap Pumps:    
Accessories:    
Beauty:     Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Carly says  January 8, 2016 at 8:03 am Ugh I fell in love with a pink coat at Banana last week but it was juuuust out of my price range…now I wish I would’ve broken the bank! Looks unreal on you.
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Jess says  January 8, 2016 at 11:41 am I know exactly which one you’re talking about!! But good budgeting skills are much more valuable than a pink coat  There will always be other pink coats!! 
Maggie says  January 8, 2016 at 9:32 am Thanks for the tip on the Clinique eyeliner! I will have to try it out. I also have the same initial necklace from Kate Spade. I love the saying on the back!
http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Jess says  January 8, 2016 at 11:41 am Absolutely! Definitely try it out, it’s shocking how much easier it was for me to master than other eyeliners! And yay for matching initial necklaces  
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  January 8, 2016 at 11:27 am OBSESSED with this look. xo, Laura
brightandbeautifulblog.com 
Jess says  January 8, 2016 at 11:40 am Thanks Laura!! Happy weekend my love! 
Amelia Vesper says  January 8, 2016 at 2:25 pm I am such a sucker for pink and I’ve been on the hunt for a pink coat forever. I love your whole look (and that Etsy necklace is perfection)!!
xo Mil
https://southbynorthwestblog.wordpress.com 
Jess says  January 11, 2016 at 9:50 am Thank you so much, Amelia! I cannot recommend a pink coat enough!! 
Marie Tachouet says  January 9, 2016 at 8:05 am I love your hair! And btw, I’m from Oregon as well. Love the necklace idea for a girl who just misses home like crazy even after all these years  
Jess says  January 11, 2016 at 9:50 am Hi Marie! Thank you so much! Ahh love from one Oregon girl to another! What part are you from?? 
Kristina Anderson says  January 9, 2016 at 9:44 am I’m loving the coat, it’s super adorable! I actually love pink but have very little of it in my closet – that should probably change. Kristina does the Internets 
Jess says  January 11, 2016 at 9:50 am Thanks Kristina! Same! More pink= 2016 goal  
Jess says  January 11, 2016 at 9:50 am Thanks Kristina! Same! More pink= 2016 goal  
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  January 18, 2016 at 2:04 pm This is a gorgeous coat, and I love the advice for picking out a coat! Also, it sounds like I need that Clinique eyeliner pen in my life – I can’t do winged liner to save my life! […] To find out all the details about this outfit on The Golden Girl, click here! […] […] To find out all the details about this outfit on The Golden Girl, click here! […] […] To find out all a sum about this outfit on The Golden Girl, click here! […] […] To find out all a sum about this outfit on The Golden Girl, click here! […] […] To find out all the details about this outfit on The Golden Girl, click here! […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Cosmetic Bags, Heeled Sandals, Denim Capris, Grey Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 1, 2013   There is nothing that I hate more than lines (really, they’re at the top of the list along with carpet and mini golf- don’t ask). That being said, Black Friday has never really been my thing. I love a great sale even more than your average Jane, but no extra discount is worth getting trampled over! If you’re like me, you’re looking forward to Cyber Monday, where you can shop the amazing deals without having to leave your bed. So grab your morning latte and coziest PJ’s, you’re about to have a really productive Monday!   Know other great Cyber Monday sales? Comment below and I’ll add to the list!  Happy shopping!  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Short White Dresses, Short Sleeved Blouses, Tan Blouses, Black Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 27, 2016   Get my striped sweater 50% off right here! (Just $41!)  I know, I know. The biggest shopping season of the year is supposed to be OVER. Except, actually, it isn’t. Did you know that the period right after Christmas is one of the best times to shop sales? There are a ton of retailers with great sales up to 40 and 50% off right now, like J.Crew, Ann Taylor, Anthropologie, and Tuckernuck to name a few–but the best one, of course (how well do you know me?) is Nordstrom. (Right now, Nordstrom is hosting their half-yearly sale, where you can get SO MANY THINGS at up to 50% off!) I’ll be popping in here from time to time over the next couple days to highlight my favorites, so make sure to check back often!   There are a lot of great tops and blouses on sale right now! Many of which are great year-round go-to’s–like feminine blouses–but plenty of cozy winter must-haves, too! I love this twist-front top in particular which is less than $30 with the sale! Nordstrom has a ton of great makeup on sale right now, including this lipstick set I’m OBSESSED with. I have the red and the nude set and love them both equally! A lot of Bobbi Brown is also on sale (I’ve been wanting to try her moisturizing foundation!) and Kiehl’s, too!   First up, let’s start with something we’re all on the hunt for right now, given New Years Resolutions: Activewear! Nordstrom has a ton of activewear on sale–especially in the way of pants. I love this fun pair especially! Nordstrom has quite a few great pairs of jeans on sale from premium brands like Joe’s and Paige! (Both brands I absolutely love.) If you’re looking for a new pair of jeans, I’d definitely check them out! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  If you read my post earlier this morning, you know how much I love my new Coach riding boots! Right now, they’re 40% off at Nordstrom and they also come in a wider-calf version!  My waterproof suede OTK boots are back in stock! YAY! They’re especially great if you have more narrow calves and have had trouble finding OTK boots that fit properly! More favorite on-sale boots:     I got this sweater over Black Friday (blog post coming soon!) and sadly it sold out in this beige color, but is available in grey! It’s super super soft, so it’s perfect for both wearing around the house or out and about–it’s the perfect layer for winter! My favorite striped sweater is also on sale, and I’ve got my eye on this perfect classic black turtleneck sweater, too! This one also looks insanely comfortable. Shop more on sale sweaters:     Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Devon says  December 27, 2016 at 6:20 pm Such great picks!! I’m soo tempted to shop but I know I shouldn’t, haha! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Grace says  December 28, 2016 at 4:12 pm Down here in Australia (not sure if the same happened in the US) there was a very slow year in retail, so massive sales started before Christmas! Now that the post-Christmas sales have started my bank account is looking DRAINED! Awesome picks! Diary of a Would-Be Gallerist Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blouses On Sale, Sundresses, Sweater Cardigans, Black Pump Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 27, 2017   Pants: Club Monaco (on sale! $25 today only!) Also available at Shopbop// Shirt: Topshop Ribbon Stripe Bardot Top  (Also, this similar backless striped bodysuit with the bow in the back!?) This striped off the shoulder top is cute too! // Cap-toe shoes (total Chanel look-a-likes): Identical here by Sam Edelman at the BEST price! I also love this pair which has a higher heel–(and is made to order, how cool is that?!) and I have these cap-toe quilted ballet flats, too! They run big, so order a size down!) // Straw boater hat: Hinge at Nordstrom (It’s only $29! Will be great for the beach, too!) // Bag: Cult Gaia’s Ark Bag




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Happy Monday! How was your weekend? I hope it was as fun as ours! Seriously, what one day of nice weather can do after winter–it’s pretty crazy, isn’t it? As Kelly put it in a text on Friday, “OMG all my windows are open and I’m about to clean the house and WHY DO I FEEL SO MUCH HAPPIER WHEN IT’S WARM!?” Friday was amazing–we took it easy (AKA I slept in and met my friend Meg and her baby James for coffee and didn’t really start working until like 1pm, and then worked for a couple of hours and declared it happy hour). My “office time” also consisted of sitting on our front balcony and sipping iced tea while knocking out some blog posts. I can’t wait until summer where this is a normal occurrence again! (That is, until it dropped about 25 degrees within 15 minutes and became normal winter again.) Switching gears–I’m excited to share the photos from the third outfit I shot in London! I’m so glad we decided to team up with Maria of Chio Photography, because these photos are so much fun to look back on to remember my time there! Sadly though, now they hit very close to home. They were shot not far from the scene of the attack there last week (and this post was shot on the exact same bridge where it took place). My heart goes out to the victims and families of those affected. My time there was so wonderful and it was devastating to learn that such terrible things happened in the very place I was standing just a month earlier. Life is scary sometimes, you know? A reminder to always live life to the fullest. I hope you’ll help me send lot’s of love and good vibes across the pond! On a cheerier note, this might be one of my very favorite outfits of all time. I know, I know–it’s very Parisian-inspired, which doesn’t exactly make sense, you know, since it’s London, after all, but I secretly think I should’ve been born a french girl, so I can’t help myself sometimes.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I actually wore a similar version of this outfit to The Everygirl’s 5 year anniversary party last week! (Except it was freezing, so I went with this black turtleneck on top instead! My hair was also a hot-mess greaseball, so I wore it in a slicked-back pony.) That’s the great thing about these pants (which are $25 off today!) and these shoes–they look so incredibly chic that nobody even notices what your hair looks like! Like, if my hair was a total rat’s nest in these photos, you totally wouldn’t have noticed. They’re like the red lipstick of clothing–put ’em on, and you look instantly put together! The pants also feel like sweatpants. They’re so comfortable and since they’re kind of weird can’t-really-put-them-in-a-category type pants, you can wear them to work, to a date, to brunch, with any kind of shoes and pretty much any kind of top, any day of the year. I believe the short explanation is…versatile  This top with the bows on the shoulders couldn’t be more…what’s the best word? Darling? It looks adorable tucked in to high-waisted pants especially. How good will it look with shorts, too!? I was between this top and this very similar striped body-suit with the ribbon bow in the back. Which is your favorite? Maybe I need that next!?     Shop this post:    Photos by Chio Photography  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney Crawley says  March 27, 2017 at 8:26 am This is such a fun look, Jess! I love the stripes, the open shoulders, the shoes, the bag, the waistline of those pants- it’s all good, girl! So sad about the attacks in London. Glad your travels lately have been safe ones. 
Olivia says  March 27, 2017 at 8:26 am You look incredibly chic and totally Parisian! Also, your weekend sounds amazing. Here’s hoping it finally starts staying warm in the midwest! Baubles to Bubbles 
Rachel Spross says  March 27, 2017 at 9:55 am You definitely pulled off the Parisian look! That handbag is the coolest. Love the entire outfit!  xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Diana Pearl says  March 27, 2017 at 10:14 am Love this look and these photos!! Such pretty captures of London! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Megan says  March 27, 2017 at 12:58 pm What a beaut?! Love this chic look  // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Devon says  March 27, 2017 at 1:07 pm Love these photos! London is the best! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
TheVagabondWayfarer says  March 27, 2017 at 1:57 pm love your look.
http://www.thevagabondwayfarer.com 
Mary Fremeau says  March 27, 2017 at 7:37 pm those shoes!! adorable!
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Madeline Mihaly says  March 28, 2017 at 4:20 pm isn’t it crazy to be somewhere something terrible happens? I was in paris about 6 weeks before the attacks in November 2015 and it was chilling just thinking about it. On a lighter note, I love that top! and am happy you had a great trip to London! xo, Maddy
http://cassidylou.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Sandals, Citizens Of Humanity Skinny Jeans, White Long Sleeve Tees, Designer Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 29, 2016   Dress, (also comes in blouse form–also love this adorable striped dress), Shoes & Bag: From Kate Spade New York on Oak Street (also available online here) also love these other pom pom sandals (SO cute!) and these bow loafers! // Hair: Curled with a Beachwaver, Verb Ghost Oil // Makeup: MAC Matte Lipstick in “Diva,” Dior Mascara, BareMinerals Complexion Rescue, BareMinerals Mineral Makeup, Estee Lauder Sculpting Blush in “Peach Passion” and Estee Lauder “Brow Now” Eyebrow Pencil   What are you doing for New Years Eve!? It seems like so many people have a love-hate relationship with New Years Eve. In my earlier years, it would be SO much build up to what everyone thought would be such an epic party. I’d buy a skin-tight sequined dress that I’d never wear again, leave my coat at home (because NOBODY my age wore coats out. That wasn’t cool, you know), spend more than $100 on a ticket to some silly club and then wait an hour trying to find a cab to get home. This is precisely how Neal and I spent our first New Years together. My best friend, Tasha, and her husband were visiting from Ohio, and we bought tickets to a NYE party in some warehouse in the middle of nowhere. (Somewhere between Lincoln Park and Bucktown?) We couldn’t get a cab, so we started walking (I was in bare legs and a short dress) and ended up walking through Cabrini Green (not a good area of town) at 1am, having to walk nearly the entire way home before we found one. (Probably about 2 miles, no coats, in heels). Somewhere in there, after way too much champagne and whiskey, Neal accidentally told me he loved me, which I pretended not to hear so he wouldn’t be embarrassed. So, all in all, it still wasn’t the worst night  That was the last straw though. Now, we have a little bit of a different tradition. For the past couple of years, we’ve always dedicated to spending the night with just the two of us. We pick a new fun restaurant and make a reservation for an 11pm seating. That way, we’re there for midnight, which typically includes a champagne toast with the whole restaurant counting down–it’s so much fun!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 (The first year we decided to do the “low key dinner” thing, I ended up making a reservation on OpenTable for the wrong night. And I didn’t figure it out until the night before New Years Eve! Whoops!) But aside from that hiccup, it’s been smooth sailing on New Years Eve ever since. This year, we’re headed to one our favorite neighborhood spots just down the street from us called Taus Authentic–have you been there? We’re excited for the excuse to dress up and have a nice dinner, and be home in time to have a nightcap by the fire. (God, I’m getting old.) If you’re looking for something to wear for New Years Eve, I can’t speak highly enough of this adorable little number from Kate Spade on Oak Street! (Remember me gushing about Oak Street in this post? It’s one of my favorite places to shop in Chicago!) Circling back to the topic of what to wear, I would highly suggest forgoing the tight sequined numbers! Believe me–I speak from experience. You’ll never wear that dress again! Why did I always try to cram myself in teeny tiny dresses that resembled sausage casings in my younger years? Sausage dresssssssss, sausage dressssssss. (Sung to the tune of Spiderman.) However, on the other hand, I love the fun black and white pattern on this dress. It’s playful and feminine, is suitable for just about any occasion (FAR beyond just New Years Eve!) and is the exact opposite of a sparkly sausage dress. And these fun pumps? Love them! If I were to pick one shoe to represent the word “party”–it would be this pair! I’m not usually one for lot’s of glitter, but it’s subtle enough on this pair to be pack just the right about of punch, and they have POM POMS–I mean, come on! Too cute for words.       Photos by Iron & Honey Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Caitlin Edwards says  December 29, 2016 at 10:20 am Great outfit! Love the ideas about the dress. This year I’m wearing a sparkly black dress that I’ve worn for other occasions in the past year. Multipurpose dress for the win! 
Kristina Anderson says  December 29, 2016 at 10:41 am Your plans are exactly what I was thinking we would do this year, until we decided to go to Vegas hahaha. Talk about a 180! The nice part though is we’re planning on spending NYE in our casino, so no cabs and no walking a mile in heels  Kristina does the Internets 
Rachel Spross says  December 29, 2016 at 10:50 am Love this look! Those shoes are too cute. They’re so festive and fun, but look pretty comfy! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/nye-glam/ 
Diana Pearl says  December 29, 2016 at 11:20 am Your NYE plans sound so fun! I love planning something fun for the night, but the cabs are the worst. Thank god for Uber! I spent NYE three years ago taking the L in a blizzard from Rogers Park to Wrigleyville. It was rough but we did it! Somewhere right down the block sounds perfect  x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Classic Catherine says  December 29, 2016 at 12:21 pm We never remember to make advance plans for NYE anymore, so dinner with just the two of us might be the default option, and it sounds lovely!
xoxo,
Catherine
http://www.classiccatherine.com 
Lexi Sebren says  December 29, 2016 at 12:25 pm Those shoes are amazing! I’ll probably be in sparkly shoes for NYE too! 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  December 29, 2016 at 12:42 pm You look adorable Jess and we do the same things on NYE! Low key dinner together is the best  
Nicole Regan says  December 31, 2016 at 9:02 am Jess, I love this New Year’s Eve tradition. GENIUS! I may have to steal this for next year! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heel Sandals, Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes, Black And Gold Jewelry, Black Pj Sets and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 11, 2018   I am SOOOO excited to share a recap of my Kentucky Derby trip with Vineyard Vines! It was seriously the experience of a lifetime. I’ve wanted to go to the Kentucky Derby ever since I was a little girl. As some of you might know, I grew up riding horses until I was 18–my trainers lived in Kentucky (outside of Lexington, to be specific) so I would fly back there every chance I got to practice and show–horses were always a huge part of my life. My horse trainers, Bill and Nancy, were like my second parents, I spent my summers living at their house and fully embraced the Kentucky lifestyle–saying “y’all” and ordering sweet tea, and always getting “my Old Kentucky Home” stuck in my head (Bill’s favorite song of all time). Also being my parents best friends, the four of them went to quite a few Derby’s together but I was never able to go! So basically, you could say, I’ve been waiting for my “first Derby” my whole life–and it finally came true! When I got the invitation from Vineyard Vines, to say I was thrilled would be an understatement. I always love working with Vineyard Vines because everyone who works there is so passionate about the brand. They’ve only been in business for 20 years and have made HUGE strides in such a short amount of time. Did you catch this recent article about them in Forbes!? They have been doing some really amazing things. While they’ll always stay true to their fun, preppy staples, they’re also expanding into a lot more classic, versatile pieces as well! You’re going to love everything I wore this weekend! (Keep scrolling below to see!) Alright, want to re-live the weekend with me?! Let’s go! (My awesome new friend Demi was our photographer all weekend–her photos are so stunning, wait until you see her photos of the race at the end!)  The morning kicked off with yoga on the porch of the beautiful Kentucky mansion we all stayed in–it was a really nice way to start the weekend. Can you imagine living here and having access to this amazing porch?! These yoga leggings and white tank are from Old Navy–can you believe it!? Don’t the pants look just like Outdoor Voices?   On me: Vineyard Vines Eyelet top (TTS) white denim skirt (a little big, order a size down if you’re in between), Splendid sandals and straw pom pom bag. On Grace: Banana leaf high-low dress On Anna: white linen swing dress and raffia slides  After yoga, we had some more coffee, showered, and changed to go to brunch and obviously took some obligatory cute photos in front of the massive columns of our Old Kentucky Home  How cute is this pom pom tote!? It’s the best because it doesn’t crush and it’s really flat and easy for packing!  Brunch at Porch! It’s a brand new restaurant in Lousville and it is as delicious as it is beautiful! I ordered the enchiladas (which they serve with an egg on top for brunch. TO DIE FOR. Also, make sure you get the donut balls!    Then we hopped in the car and drove to Versailles (pronounced Ver-Sails. Not like Versailles in France, haha!) and headed to Woodford Reserve for a whiskey tour and tasting. It was really cool and I loved getting to hear all the history about the brand, property and Kentucky Bourbon in general!   Their beautiful Bourbon display in the main area!   Woodford Bourbon Barrels   The entire property is beautiful, and the buildings are so old–built in 1812!    Where all of the Woodford Barrels are stored At the end of our tour was a Bourbon tasting–I will admit, I’m not a big whiskey fan in general, but I was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked the different Bourbons and how I could really taste the difference between them all! Most shocking was that I typically hate Rye whiskey, but really loved Woodford’s! I think we should do a “Cocktails with Neal” featuring some Woodford cocktails, don’t you think!? (If you don’t follow me on Instagram, we have a little Insta Story series called “Cocktails with Neal” that is pretty hilarious–so you should definitely follow along so you don’t miss the next one (they’re usually impromptu ? ?)  On Grace: Off the shoulder high-low maxi, Loeffler Randall shoes, On Anna: Embroidered Shift Dress, Similar black sandals, On me: Blue lace dress, Cork sandals. After Woodford, we did another change and then headed to a special event pre-Derby dinner at the Speed Art Museum, which is absolutely stunning! The exhibit going on right now is “Women in Impressionism” and was truly amazing and so well curated.  I mean, how gorgeous and modern is the Speed Art museum? It’s newly renovated and every detail is pristine! Definitely worth a visit. (Kentucky girls…you should get married here ?) I also was so excited to run into one of my readers, here! Hi Marissa!!   They also handed out programs and gave out a bunch of tips for picking winners! My bet was Audible, who ended up coming in third! Not too shabby I must say ?  The big day! This is a shot of the whole crew. We seriously had such a great group. Everyone was so much fun, laid back, and truly just nice, genuine people. I might be biased but I think we also clean up pretty well decked out in our Vineyard Vines ?  The rosé was flowing at the house all weekend ? Have you tried Kendall Jackson rosé? It’s one of my faves!   On Grace: White Bow Neck Dress and Loeffler Randall Sandals On me: Ric Rac Midi Dress and cork sandals (I also want these in nude!) and pom pom straw bag On Anna: Blue lace dress (I’m styling this in a blog post soon, too!) and Sam Edelman Sandals, basket bag. We all wore this white fascinator, from Vineyard Vines designed by local Louisville designer, Jenny Pfanenstiel. Isn’t that cool?! We actually met one of her friends at the Derby. She said, “you’re wearing my friend’s fascinator!!” Haha isn’t it a small world?!  We were SO thankful to be in the Vineyard Vines area (that was tented) so we were out of the pouring rain–it didn’t let up ALL day, but that didn’t ruin our good time ?I love all the hats in this shot!   On Annie and I: Ric Rac Dress, On Noelle: Seersucker Shift Dress Love my Cercone Brown girls, Annie and Noelle! They’re the PR team that planned the whole weekend, and they did such an incredible job. Annie and I were twinning!   How AMAZING is it that the tractors were Vineyard Vines tractors?! ?   Love this dramatic shot that Demi took of the rain coming down.   The Mint Juleps were flowing all day. (Okay I had one sip and couldn’t do it, but they sure made for cute photos ?)  I love this shot–all the hats!   The crew on the rail! (breaking with tradition, I opted for bloody marys instead of mint juleps ?)  It got a little chilly so we all pulled on some cozy Vineyard Vines Kentucky Derby Shep Shirts!  Every year right before the race begins, they play “My Old Kentucky Home” – which is always my favorite part. You could say I’ve been looking forward to this moment for my whole life. The song was always my horse trainer, Bill’s favorite. He was basically my second dad, who passed away last year. When I was little and imagined my first Derby experience, I always imagined being able to sing this song standing next to him, but I still felt like he was there smiling and singing with me. It was bittersweet, fun, exciting, and emotional all at the same time.  Demi was giggling at how excited I was when I heard it come on, and snapped this photo. I actually squeezed my way through the crowd by myself and stood in the aisle right next to the rail so I could get as close as possible, haha!  They’re off! Demi braved the rain and went down to the rail to get this shot. Watching the race in person was SO cool. It was so exciting watching them fly around the bend. The below is my favorite photo–I think I have to frame this so I never forget this moment!  SaveSave Filed Under: Midwest Road Trips, Style, Travel  
Allie says  May 11, 2018 at 7:05 am You girls look so pretty. I love the ric rac dress. I’ve always wanted to go the Derby, it looks so fun and fancy. I’m so inspired to make it happen next year now!
I hope you have a wonderful Friday,
xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
kellie carrara says  May 11, 2018 at 8:42 am Ohmygoodness! What great shots…and what a fun weekend! It was my first Derby too — we came in from Boston, but I grew up in Alabama and have a true love for the South. We stayed about an hour away in Springfield at the Maple Grove Plantation — an old Southern Mansion too!
We also attended The Oaks on Friday, and were able to see and do so much more (in the sun, I add!) since the crowds were lower. You would’ve loved the Lily drink…my husband loved the Mint Julep — I could only handle one. We also went on a bourbon tour at Four Roses.
We are definitely going back next year, too. Such a fun time! We also visited the VV tent…tho I wore Draper James both days. 
Sara K says  May 11, 2018 at 6:24 pm I absolutely LOVE the idea of a Cocktails with Neal Instastory with Woodford, as it is my favorite bourbon.  If you decide to do it, please give some advance warning so I can make sure to tune in. 
Kasey Goedeker says  May 16, 2018 at 11:58 am Oh my gosh this looks so fun! I would absolutely love to go to the Derby! I went to school not too far from there and they would always take a bus down. Not going is one of my biggest regrets! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lingerie Panties, White Pj Sets, Embellished Sandals, White Tank Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 9, 2015   Shopping on Etsy is kind of like that feeling you get when you walk into Forever21 on a Saturday. So much to look at, weed through, it’s enough to rapidly increase anyone’s heart rate. So how do you find all those amazing gems on Etsy? The fabulous handmade gifts, hand stitched leather bags, beautiful stationery, vintage bar carts, and of course, calligraphy so incredibly perfect you question how it could possibly be somebody’s handwriting?  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 With these simple tricks, you’ll have the best Etsy shops at your fingertips in seconds. Read my full article here, over on The Everygirl!  Just in time for your couch-potato and PJ’s weekend online shopping (you know I gotchu). Happy weekend! Filed Under: Lifestyle, Shop  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Dresses, Brown Flats, Lace Bralettes, High Rise Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 20, 2019  Hi guys!  Happy Wednesday!  Remember on stories last week when I asked if you had any Zella requests for me to review for an upcoming blog post? Today is the day! ??I’ve had a pair of Zella leggings that I’ve essentially been living in for quite awhile now, but I was really excited to test drive some new pieces! Did you know that Zella is one of Nordstrom’s exclusive activewear brands? You can’t get it anywhere other than Nordstrom! (Which is great, because you CANNOT beat their return policy and free shipping, am I right?!) I definitely kept your feedback in mind (thank you!) and as a result, today I’m sharing:  1. Great workout tops that won’t break the bank.  2. Three different types of Zella leggings, and how each of them differ.  3. SOCKS! ??Turns out, Zella makes some amazing socks, but you weren’t sure which ones to get or if they lived up to the hype–I’m reviewing two different pairs today. One no-show pair (that doesn’t slip off at ALL) and one regular ankle pair that actually looks super cute peeking out of your sneakers. ?? First up…    Okay, so these are the “cult classic” Zella leggings that EVERYONE raves about. And for good reason–they are GREAT! They are very thick and substantial. There is absolutely zero show through, they are insanely comfortable, and they are supportive enough for a HIIT class but not so tight that you won’t want to wear them all day to run errands or to travel in. I am obsessed with this green color they come in, too! I’ve owned them in black though for a long time now and I think they hold up really nicely.  NOTE: You need to be washing your activewear ONLY with other activewear–on cold water, and hang to dry. If you’re drying your nice activewear in the dryer with all your other clothes–you’re going to ruin them. See my laundry tips post right here for other ways to avoid damaging your clothes!  Sizing: I wear a small in Zella pants as opposed to XS–I think they run a teensy bit small.  I LOVE this sports bra. I’m actually wearing it as I write this blog post. It’s so insanely comfortable, I’ve actually started wearing it as an everyday bra. I would say it’s medium support–I would wear it to OrangeTheory personally but if you are bustier I don’t think it would be supportive enough–but I think it’s perfect for yoga, pilates, etc! I also love all the colors it comes in, and you really cannot beat the price! ($39!)  Quite a few of you requested good workout tops to pull over your sports bra or tank post-workout–you know, so you can go to brunch and look socially acceptable ?I LOVE this top for that! It’s so insanely soft–it’s like waffle thermal material…but ribbed, if that makes sense? I love the twist front, and I think it hits you at the perfect place–not too low–so it’s really flattering! I’m wearing an XS and I think it runs TTS but definitely isn’t loose by any means. (I liked it on the tighter side!)  This is my favorite tank of the bunch–I love how it’s cropped (but not too cropped) because I think when things hit you at the small of your waist, they’re always a lot more flattering–so it pairs perfectly with high rise leggings! It’s super soft, so comfy, and I love the color! (Comes in other colors too!) I’m wearing XS and I think it’s TTS. Another huge perk: It’s only $29!  OK I didn’t know that socks were a big thing until so many of you asked if I could investigate the Zella sucks and if they were up to par. ?THEY TOTALLY ARE! They’re great! I got two kinds–the one’s I’m wearing above are the regular ankle socks and they come in the cutest colors in a pack of 6. They aren’t no-show (the ones below are) but I think they’re really cute with just the colorful tops of the socks showing above your sneakers! (Does this make me dorky? ?) These are my favorite for working out because they stay in place so well and definitely don’t slip!  These are hands down THE BEST RUNNING SHOES ever. Ever ever. I’ve been running in these for about a year now–I have bad knees and completely flat feet, meaning I over pronate and I need corrective shoes when I run. I can’t tell you how big of a difference these have made. My knees no longer hurt after I run–even on pavement. Are they the hippest, trendiest, sneakers? No. ?But you will NOT be sorry! (Neal calls them my “Gerries”–short for Geriatric. He’s just jealous. If you have bad knees, GET THE SHOES.)       These leggings you guys–WOW. They are like BUTTER and are so perfect for any super sweaty, super hot workout. I overheat really easily and I hate the feeling of tight pants when I’m really hot–i.e. in hot yoga, if I’m working out outside when it’s hot out–etc. This is where these leggings really shine. Not only do they feel like butter, but they are the lightest, softest barely there material that actually is perforated in the thigh and the calf, to make them even more breathable! I’d say these run a bit bigger than their normal Live In leggings. I got a size small but I definitely wish I’d gone XS.  Another cute tank option for you! If you like a looser fitting tank that isn’t too long, you will love this one. I love the back as well–how cute is the little split and the cutout detail!? I’m wearing XS here and think it’s TTS.  Here are the OTHER socks–the no show socks, which are wonderful! I love that they have the little grip on the back so they stay in place when you’re running, and they’re more absorbent than regular no-show socks. Two thumbs up on these! I took a side by side of these with the socks above so you can compare. One note though: While I have no problems with them staying in place while running, they did move while rowing (because of how your feet move when they’re strapped in!) so I had to adjust them in the middle of class–but for everything else other than rowing they move with you really well!       This is the other sports bra I tried, and I love both for different reasons. This one is also insanely soft, but it has an adjustable back and adjustable straps–like a real bra–but a wide band underneath so it stays in place really well. If you have trouble finding bras that fit just right, you will love this one. It also clips in the back to become a racerback if you want to adjust it based on the shirt that you’re wearing! It’s INSANELY soft and crazy stretchy, but still supportive–it’s so comfortable. Definitely something I’d wear everyday.  I would also say this one is medium support and that it runs true to size–I went with a small.  These leggings feel and fit super similar to the Live In leggings (the first ones above) but they have mesh cutouts, so they aren’t just cute, but they’re more breathable! I think a lot of mesh leggings are scratchy, but these aren’t–the mesh isn’t too tight and it’s soft mesh–which I highly appreciate! They run true to size–I’m wearing a small.  This tank is SO. SOFT. Seriously, it feels like…cream. Or butter. Or some type of really light fluffy type of dairy (?) ?(Why are dairy products what we use to describe something as soft? ?) Whatever–this tank is amazing. Super soft, super stretchy. I went up a size so it was loose enough to tie in a knot, because you know me. Front tuck and knot everything. Make sure to check out my stories because I show you how to knot it if you aren’t sure! Anyway, it comes in tons of colors and is a steal for the price.  You’ll definitely want to wear it with jean shorts this summer, too!  Shop everything in this post:     Huge thanks to Nordstrom (one of my favorite retailers!) for sponsoring this post along with ShopStyle! I hope we’ve made stocking up on your favorite athletic staples this spring a little bit easier! ? Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jessica says  March 21, 2019 at 1:40 pm Jess, what sunglasses are you wearing with the first outfit? 
A Booth says  November 21, 2019 at 7:41 pm Before the leggings craze, Zella made exercise pants that were not so tight on the seat, and not so tight on the legs.  They no longer make this style.  I am 60 years old and in good shape exercising 5X/week, but I cannot find any appropriate modest pants that are flattering without being too baggy (the fabric is heavier) or too tight ( leggings).  The activewear industry  has ignored women my age who don’t want to show their rearedend to the world. Do you know of any exercise wear that is similar to the style Zella made 10+ years ago?
Many thanks Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Blouses And Tops, Black Sneakers, Brown Flat Shoes, Designer Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 10, 2019   Huge thanks to Lord + Taylor and ShopStyle for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 110% my own!  If you’ve been reading this blog for any amount of time, you know that nice pajamas are my love language. ?For me, there is no greater pleasure than putting on a pair of soft, pretty pajamas, crawling into bed early and reading a good book. YES I KNOW I AM OLD.  My love for a good pair of matching PJ’s has always run deep–I get it from my Grannie. She was an avid sewer and made herself several pairs of silk pajamas (“jammies” she called them) that she slept in every single night–starting longggg before I was ever born. There was nobody I was obsessed with more than my grannie–and therefore–I adored her silk pajamas–SO much so that she started making them for me, too! I had a light pink silk nightgown (she called them “nighties”) and matching blue silk tops and bottoms that matched hers perfectly. As I’m typing this out, I’m thinking that maybe I should take up sewing again and start making myself some silk pajamas in true Harriett Cross fashion. ?She would be SO IMPRESSED.  Until I have enough time on my hands to do such a thing, I will continue to invest in a well-curated collection of matching pajama sets. ?But what can I say?  They just make me feel more pulled together/grown up. It’s just a totally different feeling than pulling on an old ratty college t-shirt to sleep in. I think every adult women should own nice pajamas!  Anyway. You get it. I LOVE PAJAMAS. Well, Lord + Taylor has some *really good ones* so I ordered a bunch to test drive and share with you. I present to you MY ULTIMATE SPRING PJ HAUL! These would be the most wonderful gift for any woman in your life–and, as luck would have it, Lord + Taylor happens to also be having a Mother’s Day sale right now through 5/12, where you can snag some amazing sleepwear any mama will love at a discount–25% off regular priced items and 20% off clearance! Make sure to use code MOM at checkout!  BUT–a big but–you don’t have to be a mother to love yourself some great “jammies”–as my Grannie would call them. So, let’s review my favorites for spring, shall we?    This set from Splendid is basically anything you could ever want in a spring/summer pajama set. I’ve always been a HUGE fan of Splendid shoes and clothing because they are the most comfortable shoes ever–and guess what? Splendid PJ’s are no different! I actually have three different sets from Splendid in here, and I love them for all different reasons! This set is made of a super soft, very light, almost silk-like material–so it’s ideal for hot vacations and summer nights when you want to keep cool! On sale right now for $58.50 with code MOM!    This adorable set is SUCH a steal! It’s Lord + Taylor brand (don’t sleep on their namesake label–they make some AWESOME stuff and it is all incredibly affordable!) and these PJ’s will only set you back–you ready for it? $32 with the sale! That is a RE-DIC-U-LOUS steal.    This cami set is my favorite kind to bring on vacation for several reasons–it takes up zero room in your bag, keeps you really cool, and is adorable. If you have a husband who is constantly making fun of your grandma-like flannel winter pajamas, buying a set of these should shut him up. ?  Neal wants to make sure I tell you that I actually already own like four bathrobes and that I have a problem… BUT. What he doesn’t understand is that *different bathrobes serve different purposes*–I have warm and cozy winter robes and I have lighter spring robes. Some are used for getting ready and some are used for lounging. So, THERE. Okay well this bathrobe is the latest newcomer, and I will say it actually bridges the gap between all different types of bathrobes quite nicely. So, if you didn’t have an emotional attachment…per say…to other bathrobes you own, one might argue you could just get away with having this ONE. It’s so incredibly soft (Natori is famous for their comfortability factor)–it’s also lightweight so that it won’t make you overheat but not so thin that you’ll still be cold when you throw it on. It’s a great price at $58.    These floral jammies are the second set of Splendid shorties of the day! I adore the light floral print of these, and they’re actually a different material than the above set–they’ve got spandex in them so they’re actually stretchy and more of a jersey-feeling material. If you like the floral elements of the above set but want something with a little bit more coverage, you’ll love this! On sale right now for $58.50 with code MOM!      Splendid for the win again!! I stumbled upon these Splendid Striped joggers (on sale for $39!) + matching top (on sale for $36!) and HAD to order to test them out–they do not disappoint. I’ve been wearing them a ton lately and I love them so much–not just because they’re striped, but they’re incredibly soft and super functional, too! This is a really good set to bring if you’re visiting friends or going on a group vacation, etc, because they’re comfy, great for lounging in, and not the kind of PJ’s you’ll feel weird walking around in, haha!  Shop this whole post:     Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Bikinis, Lace Midi Dresses, White One Piece Swimsuit, Leather Watches and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 25, 2016    




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

When asked the question, “what makes you feel beautiful?” my first answer will likely be “a feminine dress” or “red lipstick.”  While those are true, there’s something else that goes on that list that I realized, I’ve kind of been keeping in the dark. It’s often the first thing I reach for when I’m getting all dolled up and striving to look my most beautiful. (Especially when I’m dressing up to attend a wedding!)  What is it?  My shapewear.  Yep. I went there. Why not? Nobody is perfect! We’ve all got a little somethin’ to suck in.  Let’s be honest–forget your “classic white button-up” or “go-to nude pumps”–your slimming shapewear is the real workhorse of your wardrobe!  You know–those high-waisted undies that suck in ALL that extra stuff you don’t want pooching out in your slinkiest dress? (It’s the best.) Because life is never fun when you always say no to the pizza. I’d rather have my pizza with a side of shapewear every once and awhile than just stick to the salad. (Live a little, right?)  Deciding to “say yes” to shapewear was the easy part, but took me awhile to find the right pair. I found some that were comfortable and sucked you in at all the right spots, but had those long pant legs that gave your skinny secret away in a mini dress–or when your dress would momentarily fly up, exposing your upper thighs (and granny girdle) on the dance floor. (BUSTED.) Because, really–why do you need thigh slimmers when you’re in a dress? Nobody can see your thighs! I wanted all the tummy tightening without all the old-lady-ness.  Finally–I found them! They’re from Maidenform, and they’re easy on the wallet, too! I don’t leave the house in a dress without ’em. If you’re feeling rather goldi-lock-ish about your shapewear too, I suggest you give them a try. I really do love them!  My other wedding guest must-haves? The perfect little black slip dress (fun fact: I’ve actually had this one since I was 20!), red lipstick, and sleek hollywood waves.     Thank you to Maidenform for partnering on this post!  Filed Under: Advice, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  July 25, 2016 at 8:05 pm Yes to the shapewear! Fun post! 
Kelly in the City says  July 25, 2016 at 11:19 pm I’ve been seeing Maidenform shapewear all over the place, and I’ve been SO curious about it! Definitely think this would be great for me post-baby.  Great review, Jess! xoxo Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  July 26, 2016 at 7:47 am I need to try this one because I’m not loving the one I have! You know I love the ‘granny tuck’ – nothing feels better than covering that pooch haha! 
Stacy says  July 26, 2016 at 4:17 pm I must be an old lady, but I love my shape wear that comes down my thighs! Haha. I love them because I HATE when my legs rub together.
These Maidenform ones do look really comfy though! I’ll have to check them out. Thanks for the tip, Jess! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Turtleneck Sweaters, Gowns Dresses, Black Bodysuits, Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 14, 2016   Big news! The Nordstrom Anniversary Sale has finally arrived! This morning marks the first day of the sale for Nordstrom card holders! (If you aren’t one, and want to take advantage, you can apply here!)  Why is the #NSale so amazing? Outside of Black Friday, these are certainly the best deals you’ll see all year–with top brands like Tory Burch, Barbour, Burberry, Joie, Hunter, Rag & Bone and more at insane discounts. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I’ve narrowed down my favorite categories above–handbags, dresses, shoes (they have lot’s of amazing OTK boots and booties for fall), denim (some of the best deals are to be found with premium denim–like my favorite jean brand, Paige, at $99!) and of course, outerwear (like this waxed Barbour coat for $100 off!)  Now-July 21’st–Early Access for Nordstrom Card Holders  July 22nd–August 7th–Public Sale Access    1. Start as early as possible–if you don’t have a card, go in with a friend that does, or set your calendar alarm for July 22nd at midnight!  2. Search your favorite designers first to see what goodies they have on sale!  3. Think ahead–now is a great time to stock up for fall, and summer, too!  4. Take inventory–what holes do you need to fill in your fall wardrobe? Focus on what you need first, and what you want afterwords, so you’re sure to make the smartest purchases!  5. Be thorough–the sale isn’t just for clothes and accessories, but beauty and home, too! Don’t leave any rock unturned   Happy shopping! And keep an eye out for more #NSale posts coming soon!  Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Classic Tops, Black Wedge Shoes, Ripped Skinny Jeans, Short White Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 2, 2015   Coat: Anthropologie (similar here)  // Shoes: Nike // Leggings: American Apparel // Scarf: Borrowed from my roommate, Melissa (but this one is identical)  // Bag: Hayden Harnett (c/o) // Beanie: Gap (identical hat twin here) // Bracelet: J.Crew // Tissue Turtleneck: J.Crew (25% off today only with code HELLOSTYLE!)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 If you’re in the Midwest,  you’re likely under an absurd amount of snow as you’re reading this (and hopefully you got the day off so you don’t have to trek through it on your way to work.) However, I am glad this isn’t a repeat of the storm we had last year when it was so cold that people kept throwing pots of water into the air to watch them instantly turn into snow.  I’ve been wearing variations of this outfit on repeat lately, and last week was no exception (note: this was during a warm front of 35 degrees). Some of my favorite blogger gals and I grabbed lunch at Nomi (seriously though, those french fries. Holy hell.) and then I hit Michigan Avenue to do a couple errands. Here’s the formula: favorite sporty tennis shoes + edgy leather leggings (to keep the shoes from looking too tomboyish) + one classic scarf, and top off with my I can fit my whole life in here, Mary Poppins-like bag from Hayden Harnett. I love it because I’m constantly on the go, and there is enough room in it for my computer, my giant camera, my makeup bag AND then some. And it’s gold, duh. It’s also going to come in very handy as the perfect weekender bag whenever we head up to the lake house.       Shop this post:  Photos by Kelly & Blair Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White And Blue Dresses, Gold And Silver Jewelry, Black Leggings, Tunic Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 14, 2013  dannijo inspired necklace   jcrew inspired necklace 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 jcrew inspired necklace jcrew inspired necklace You know Rachel Zoe’s famous expression, “I DIED“? I think it was coined to describe the exact moment I discovered this Etsy store, Shamelessly Sparkly. That happened yesterday and it was a sweet moment of joy. How insane are these necklaces? “Inspired by” (er…perfectly replicated?) the jewels of J Crew, DANNIJO, and other amazing but overly priced pieces. One of these beauties will set you back anywhere from $19-$32, leaving plenty of room in your bank account to indulge in a few of them! I’m a “review” person. As in, I don’t buy anything, go anywhere, or do anything without first stalking several websites to ensure I am making the best decision. I’m telling you this because I know what you’re thinking, you get what you pay for and that will look really cute with my new striped fall sweater until it breaks 20 minutes after I put it on. Negative. The reviews say otherwise! 5 star average on every piece? Mind. Blown. I’m buying one today. Which one should I get?  Update: Shamelessly Sparkly has now moved from her Etsy store to her very own e-commerce site, which you can visit at shamelesslysparkly.com. For a limited time, enter code GOLDENGIRL at checkout for 20% off any purchase over $30! Can’t wait to see more to come from this designer! Filed Under: Style  
willfullyelegant says  October 3, 2013 at 2:30 pm Which one did you end up getting?? I love the last one and the second one from top…Visit me @ http://willfullyelegant.wordpress.com 
Jess Keys says  October 4, 2013 at 5:08 pm Thank you! I got the top one  I'll post about it as soon as it arrives! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gowns For Sale, Printed Blouses, Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Black Bodysuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 12, 2017   Happy Friday! I feel like I’ve been more absent than usual on Insta stories lately (sorry!) because yesterday I was on set all day for this really amazing project I can’t wait to share with you! I got up yesterday at 5am to make sure I shared my Nordstrom Anniversary sale favorites with you in time, and then spent the rest of the day filming in partnership with one of my favorite magazines AND one of my favorite brands! I got home in time to still score some of my favorites as part of the early access sale, and I’m picking them up from Nordstom this morning, and then shooting with my friend Cassandra right after! (PHEW busy couple of days!!) I couldn’t make it there last night, I was so tired that I was having trouble forming sentences, haha! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

ANNYYWAYY as you know, I’ll be updating this post (and this new tab above that says “Nordstrom Anniversary Sale!”) quite a bit over the next couple of weeks, so I wanted to pop in again and share what I bought yesterday. I’ll be trying all of it on later and sharing it in outfit photos next week! I wasn’t sure what to expect this year, but I have to say I am HIGHLY impressed with the selection I’m seeing so far! If you haven’t shopped the sale before, let me put it this way–the stuff you can score at this sale doesn’t hold a candle to even Black Friday! And if you missed when I talked about it yesterday, I gave a little run down about the sale: Right now, only Nordstrom card card holders have access to the sale, so if you aren’t already a cardholder, you can sign up here and get immediate access (you don’t have to wait for your card to come in the mail!)  I’d definitely recommend doing this if you see quite a few things you like, because the best items often get sold out before the sale even opens to the public! (That or find a friend who is a cardholder to buy for you ;-)) The best part about the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale is that these are all BRAND NEW items that are going on sale! Afterwords, the prices go back up! Unlike other sales, you won’t find picked-over items of summer, but this is the best time to stock up on [ugh, I hate to say this, but…] fall essentials like cardigans, sweaters, boots, booties, scarves, and more!    There are SO MANY awesome cardigans and wraps available (some of them cashmere for crazy good prices!) My two favorites are this circle cardigan for $49 (nearly identical to the above!) and this waffle-knit cashmere wrap for $149!    I’ve never seen a better sale selection of leather jackets. There are quite a few moto style jackets as well as classic silhouettes that I love–in both black and brown, and even a few fun suede colors! (The BlankNYC suede moto is back, btw!) This one is very similar to my leather jacket that you see me wear all the time, and it’s only $219!    This is the best time to snag your booties for fall! My favorites are these stretch booties ($79, come in black and grey!) and these flat ankle booties ($86, come in black, tan, and burgundy!) The Stuart Weitzman Highland boots are on sale for $549 as are the Elevated boots for $499! (I’ve never seen this happen!) If you’ve been on the fence about buying either, definitely snap them up now! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  I absolutely LOVE my London Fog trench–it’s so versatile, has a removable hood and liner (which makes it really warm!) and now it’s on sale for $129! If you’ve been wanting a Burberry trench but can’t make the splurge, this is 110% the next best thing. (Actually, it’s probably just as good, who are we kidding?)  Lot’s of denim deals to be found–most importantly, my favorite J. Brand Maria Skinny Jeans, these Rag & Bone jeans, Hudson, and more! I love these high waisted black jeans from Citizens of Humanity and these comfy and casual raw-hem high-waisted jeans from Madewell (only $80!)  My favorite dainty gold Monica Vinader bracelet is included in the sale! This gold initial necklace is also very similar to mine and would make a really great gift, too!    The classic Madewell tote is back with a cool twist! I love the stripe on this bag and it comes in lot’s of colors. It’s my go-to everyday bag for life, work, and travel (it even fits both my laptop AND my camera!) It’s really quality leather too. Cannot say enough amazing things!  A lot of awesome sneaker deals to be found, particularly athletic/athleisure sneakers! The Adidas Tubular sneakers are SO CUTE and there are lot’s of Nikes (including the Juvenate sneaker!) Brand new converse colors just came out too, I love the light blue and burnt red versions as a fun mix-up! This just in: My Jack Purcells are part of the sale too!  A select few Barbour coats and vests are included in the sale and they are GOOD ONES!! Both quilted and waxed versions are available    I’m going to be posting here in this tab (labeled “Nordstrom Sale” up at the top!) as much as possible throughout the sale, along with the items I’ve purchased for myself, re-stock alerts, and other favorites that are added as the sale progresses! Filed Under: Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Shop, Style  
Abigail // A Little Leopard says  July 12, 2017 at 11:10 pm great tips! however…nordstrom discontinued the debit card. now you can just sign up for their rewards program for free! i think you still get all the perks, including early access and notes, but it’s less points per dollar or something. …i shop at nordstrom too much. 
Jess says  July 13, 2017 at 7:36 am OMG! They must have JUST changed that! Haha thank you for pointing that out! Wording updated  
Abigail // A Little Leopard says  July 14, 2017 at 1:06 pm haha yeah it was SUPER recent! i was chatting with a cashier at the store when i found out, i don’t think they really publicized it/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold Lariat Necklaces, High Waisted Flare Pants, Green Coats, Black Wedge Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 27, 2018   Shop the collage:    Happy Friday! You guys have been asking me what I packed for my recent Mexico girls trip, so I’m excited to finally share with you my Ultimate Carry-On Mexico Packing List! Huzzah!! You know I am the most impatient person in the WHOLE world so waisting all the hours I could be spending at the pool waiting for luggage filled with a bunch of crap I’m not even going to wear does NOT sound like my idea of a great vacation. There is no reason you can’t get away with packing a carry-on for Mexico–even if you’re staying for several days. (In all honesty I brought a lot more stuff than this because my suitcase can fit so much, but today I’m sharing with you what I actually wore and some of my other favorite must-haves!) I’ve been to Mexico several times so I’ve got the packing down to a science. The good news is–when it’s hot, you don’t need much! Warm weather clothing also takes up zero space, so you don’t need to have an overflowing bag, either! Ready? Let’s get started! I have the 21″ Delsey Paris Chatalet Spinner Suitcase. (WHEW that’s a mouthful!) It is hands down THE BEST suitcase I have ever owned, probably one of my top 10 things I own in life, and I honestly might just go ahead and buy another one as a back up just in case they stop making them, because I never want to run out! It holds so much stuff (if you are a strategic packer, that is) that I got by with it going to Paris for 10 days. I also plan to use it for Italy because there is nothing worse than being late for a train, dragging tons of bags behind you across narrow cobblestone streets. It also comes in brown, which Neal recently purchased. He held out for a long time, not wanting to be THAT couple with matching his and hers luggage, but it’s just that good of a suitcase–there really is no better alternative. (Note: FYI, some airlines are reducing their carry-on size limits to less than 21″ but I’ve been traveling with this bag for two years and have never had any problems!)  Okay, you get it, I love this suitcase. Here’s what to put in it for your Mexico trip! I brought this floral wrap dress to wear out to dinner on our first night! It was perfect for the occasion. It’s low-cut, so I wore these pasties instead of a bra–they’re my favorite and I wear them nonstop in the summer! I also brought this adorable floral dress but didn’t end up wearing it–it would be another great nighttime option! I got this maxi for our Cancun trip a couple years back (you can see how I styled it here!) These aren’t on the collage above, but I wore my new Abercrombie jeans on the plane to and from Mexico! They’re so comfortable and this sounds so strange, but my biggest pet peeve is wearing hot clothing when you get off a plane to a warm destination–these are very lightweight when it comes to jeans, so they didn’t give me the heebie jeebies like most denim does when I travel. (So weird, I know.) I brought my new jean shorts (Abercrombie. What else? They really should start paying me to be their brand ambassador, don’t you think? ?) and they were perfect for wearing to walk along the beach, to and from the pool, etc. They are so comfortable and have a lot of stretch, so they won’t cut into you after several tacos and rounds of margs ? I wore this lightweight linen dress when we went out on the sunset boat cruise along with my espadrille wedges (below!)–it was perfect for the occasion because it’s not flowy like other dresses so I didn’t have to worry about it flying up! I’m definitely taking it to Italy with me and it looks just as cute with sneakers as it does heels or sandals! I always bring a long sleeved linen shirt with me whenever I’m going to be in the sun because I can get burned easily, so I like to have the extra protection of the sleeves if I feel like I’m getting too toasty! It’s so cute thrown on over a bikini, or you can dress it up for dinner, too! I’m OBSESSED with these linen pants. They are so, so comfortable and come in so many colors! (I actually have them in pink but also plan to order the olive. ?) They are really cute dressed up with heels, or with flats or sneakers! I live in slinky camisoles all year round, they’re the perfect barely-there layer to throw on regardless of what activities you’re doing–from shopping to a nice dinner out. This one is on sale for $35 and comes in several colors! I also got this peplum satin one that I paired with my pink linen pants for dinner one night at Flora Farms! Depending on when you go to Mexico, the nights can still get cool, plus, you’ll want one for the plane! I brought my J.crew jean jacket and it was the perfect extra layer. I brought this adorable crochet bikini top and bottom. I also brought my favorite major budget buy–this scalloped bikini from Amazon!  I can’t stand rubber flip flops! They give me horrible blisters! (Not to mention, it’s hard to find a non-tacky pair of rubber ones!) I prefer a pair of minimalistic leather flip flops, like these! They take up virtually no room and are so easy to throw in your pool bag! Also available in other colors here  I recently got these “Grecian” sandals and they are SO. COMFORTABLE. They look like a million bucks and you’ll want them in every color! No break in required! You really only need one pair of heels for Mexico, and these should be them! Espadrilles are so cute and perfect for vacation, but the best part is that they give you some height without sacrificing comfort! I wore these all night on the boat and then out afterword and never had one thought about my feet! Size down, they run big. This is another pair of sandals I thought for sure would give me blisters, but a Splendid shoe has never given me one blister, and these stick true to their brand. They make the most comfortable shoes out there, and these are no exception. I absolutely love the way they look, and they make your outfit so much more interesting–a hard thing to accomplish with flats! My feet are always freezing, so I usually like to wear close-toed shoes on the plane! I love these because they slide right off your feet in 2 seconds–so they’re ideal for security! They’re warm enough for the plane, but cool enough to wear in Mexico, and they still have that springy, vacation vibe! You may want to bring comfortable walking shoes if you plan to do any day trips or exploring! I highly, highly recommend Allbirds runners! They’ll give you plenty of support but are so dang cute–plus, they’re made of 100% wool, which means they’re naturally cooling and moisture-wicking. Plus, they’re machine washable! I’m in LOVE with the look of this straw cross-body. I don’t actually own this one (I brought an old crossbody that is sold out now) but this would be perfect for going out at night–you want something small but secure that can strap across your body for safe-keeping! I just ordered this bag (sadly it did NOT make it in time for Mexico) but its perfect for vacation because it’s packable, but super roomy, so it holds all your beach essentials! I brought my trusty Ray Bans that go everywhere with me! (These are the 53mm, they also come in a smaller 50mm size!) If you plan to do a lot of sightseeing or exploring while in Mexico, you might want some kind of day pack or backpack that can hold water, essentials, etc! I love Madewell’s bags and they make the cutest leather backpack that would be perfect for the occasion. This is probably the most common question I get asked whenever I tell someone I’m heading to Mexico. With so much violence in the news, it’s easy to get scared off! The truth is, unless you’re looking for trouble, you will be completely fine. I.E. probably not a good idea to be buying cocaine or roaming around a bad area at night after too much to drink–but hey, that’s probably a rule of thumb I’d stick to for, you know, life in general? I know that some parts of Mexico are safer than others, and I’ve been to a few different cities in Mexico, but Cabo is the one city I’m pretty familiar with, so that is what I will speak to. I can say that I’ve always felt very safe, even when going out at night with a small group of girlfriends. Pretty much everyone speaks English–I’ve never had a problem getting by with my limited Spanish. Also, the resorts keep meticulous records of their guests–when they are coming and going, how many are in their group, and the license plates of the cabs they leave and return in–if you’re staying somewhere decent, you will not feel at risk at all. If you’re traveling to a main city in Mexico, in my experience, you do not need pesos. Even the smaller cities across the border from Arizona I used to frequent when I was younger (Rocky Point and San Felipe) all took U.S. dollars. You will find that almost all prices are still listed in pesos, but I’ve never run into a situation that refused U.S. Dollars. Just like in the states, most restaurants take credit cards. Upon entering Mexico you’ll need to fill out a customs form just like any other country–the bottom portion will be ripped off and given to you to keep. Do not lose your traveler’s visa, or you could be find up to $50. Don’t worry, they’ll remind you about 75 times to not lose it throughout customs, but they will ask for this upon your return. There are plenty of ways to book shuttles to and from the airport (I’d recommend B&B and Amstar)–they are a bit more expensive than cabs, but the SUV’s are very nice black cars that supply you with free bottled water and beers. (The drinking and driving laws are different there–there is no such thing as an open container law in Mexico–passengers can drink, but the drivers, however, are not allowed any trace of alcohol in their system, which is also a nice reassurance.) The shuttle from the airport to our resort in Cabo San Lucas was about $80 for a 35 minute ride, which isn’t bad split per person. Our friend Leia took a later flight so she took a cab, and she said it came out to about $70, so it’s roughly the same–but personally, I think it’s worth the extra few bucks for the security of a driver service (and the Cerveza, ?) I didn’t know this before I went to Cancun last year, but most U.S. phone plans actually cover Mexico! All you need to do is call ahead and they’ll give you instructions on how to activate it! Mexico has so much to offer in terms of culture, cuisine, shopping, and sightseeing! I know it can be tempting to stay on the resort the whole time, but the coolest experiences always lie outside of your hotel. If you’re worried about safety, there are tons of guided group tours available during the day, which you can always book through a travel agent or hotel concierge. If you’re going to Cabo San Lucas, I highly recommend Cabo Rentals By Jane, who is our family friend! She can help you with both hotel/condo rentals as well as activity bookings! For other parts of Mexico, I’ve had great experience with Apple Vacations and Amstar, which we used when going to Cancun. The sun down in Mexico is REAL. Even if you don’t typically sunburn, the sun is MUCH stronger and it’s so easy to get burned. Make sure to re-apply your sunscreen every hour or so–I love Supergoop’s sunscreen–especially their Unseen version (which is clear and goes on so smoothly with no residue or scent) and their Sunscreen Facial Mist (which is great for re-applying over makeup!) This little kit is great and comes with both travel sized versions as well as their sunscreen mousse!  Filed Under: Mexico, Packing Lists, Style, Travel  
Elle says  April 27, 2018 at 8:35 am Do you like to pack everything into a carry-on or do you also take a suitcase? I’ve been trying to master the art of “light packing” HA! https://macaroonsonmain.blogspot.com/ 
Elle says  April 27, 2018 at 8:35 am Do you like to pack everything into a carry-on or do you also take a suitcase? I’ve been trying to master the art of “light packing” Haha https://macaroonsonmain.blogspot.com/ 
Mimi says  April 27, 2018 at 8:55 am I’d love a roundup of your carryon for Italy, when you have it settled! We’re going to Greece and I’m freaking out about managing variety of activities (strenuous hiking, sightseeing, beach, honeymoon cuteness). Would love to see your plans for a similar climate and walkability destination. 
Claire says  April 27, 2018 at 9:40 am What has your experience been in Cancun? Apologies if you’ve already written about this previously but headed there for my honeymoon and would love recommendations or tips! 
jesskeys11 says  April 27, 2018 at 9:53 am Hi Claire! My Cancun review is linked above! 
Allie says  April 27, 2018 at 4:34 pm I love that crochet bikini! The detailing is so cool looking. Looks like a fun trip! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Kelcy says  May 19, 2018 at 10:46 pm Thanks for this. I always always overpack because I think I’ll forget something.
Kelcy
http://passportbydesign.com/ 
Liam Hunter says  May 29, 2018 at 4:20 am Wonderful post – really helpful especially for people like me who are always overpacking for any trip. I love wrap dresses too! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Pj Sets, Kate Spade Outlet, Black Gowns Dress, Hanky Panky Panties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 2, 2017  Happy Thursday, friends! Bit of a late start on today’s post (sorry!) I was up late until the wee hours last night doing wedding stuff so I slept in a little later than usual, and then had to spend the rest of the morning getting ready for the cleaning lady! (You know, cleaning for the cleaning lady. This is a concept I never understood until I had a house of my own, haha!) In case you don’t follow along on Instagram, I thought it would be fun to do a little Instagram roundup of my “behind the scenes” snaps that you don’t usually see on the blog!  One of my new favorite lipsticks–it’s a vampy red and the coolest part is that it’s a liquid lipstick. I will admit, it does take some practice to get it perfect, but it has some insane staying power and is well-worth the extra practice in the beginning! I also like that it’s buildable, so the more you add, the darker it is. This color is “carnivorous.” I also live in this turtleneck tee in the winter–it’s only $19 right now with the J.Crew sale! It’s so soft and is the perfect under layer for any sweaters, too. I recently wore this red dress to my friends’ Lisi & Jac’s wedding! I love the deep red color and the fact that it’s totally wearable year-round! The midi length also makes it a really versatile in-between for both black tie and cocktail weddings!
 This strappy crop top/sports bra is enough motivation to get me out the door to yoga on time  It’s SO cute–the back also has the same criss-cross pattern. I’ll be posting more photos of it soon!  A few weeks back I got some goodies from Bluemercury! Have you shopped there before? They have an amazing selection of products–I particularly love their M-61 line! I’m using the Hydroboost Eye Cream right now and I think it’s done a great job of brighting my under-eyes. All of their products get really great reviews and are reasonably priced! Also, if you’ve never tried this Diamond Ice Lift mask, it’s kind of insane. (Both the price, and how well it lifts your entire face!) It’s a huge splurge, but I barely use any, and it will last forever. You can see my review on this Caudalie glycolic peel mask over here, and that little sample at the bottom is M-6’s Vitamin C serum, which is supposed to do wonders for evening out your skin tone and giving you a nice glow! I started using it a couple nights ago so stay tuned for results on that. (I’m also planning to buy this “fast blast” mask. You know I’m a sucker for reviews and the reviews on this say it’s magical!)
 The best “wear this to anything” feminine dress. If you missed it, I just did an outfit post featuring this outfit right over here! I love the combination of the print, ruffles + bell sleeves!  Some of my go-to basics lately: High-waisted Levi’s, my Sam Edelman Petty Chelsea Booties, which also come in black leather, black suede, brown suede and tan suede! (why is that name SO long?) and a cozy grey sweater!  More new yoga wear! (I hadn’t shopped for new yoga clothes in years, so I was due for some upgrades!) These are both so, so soft. I love how the pullover is a crop, and the pants are thicker than usual, so you don’t have to worry about the awkward see-through factor when you’re in downward dog. Plus, how amazing is the forest green color?! It’s nice that they’re $54 too–I have the hardest time forking over hundreds of dollars for workout clothes! Filed Under: Personal notes, Style  
Anne says  February 2, 2017 at 4:18 pm Love the forest green pants – but I can’t seem to get the link to work (it just links to the top). These pants look like just what I need to add to my workout wardrobe! 
Jess says  February 2, 2017 at 4:23 pm Hi Anne! So sorry about that! I just fixed it  Let me know if you have any more trouble!! 
Anne says  February 2, 2017 at 5:09 pm Thank you!! 
The Vibrant Enthusiast says  February 3, 2017 at 3:47 pm The forest green workout leggings are ADORABLE! I’m always super hesitant to wear coloured workout leggings, as I always opt for neutrals, but these make me want to branch out! And at such a good price point!! What a steal! http://www.thevibrantenthusiast.com 
Joules says  February 6, 2017 at 9:38 am That workout top is so cute!  Style by Joules Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sundresses, Black Heel Wedges, Gold Pumps Shoes, Blue Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 7, 2014   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Rarely does a girl ever get so lucky as to score multiple amazing sweaters on sale in November (aka PRIME sweater season!)  Which is obviously why I was ecstatic to discover the incredible sale going on at Madewell right now (for 2 days only!) Consider this a perfect distraction/Friday AM procrastination tool. (Because coffee always tastes better when accompanied by online shopping!)  Shop all my favorite picks below! It’s hard to choose a favorite, but if I must (twist my arm…), I can’t stop thinking about the Devon boot and the Fair Isle hoodie sweater (a hoodie and a sweater all at the same time, what could be more cozy?) Be sure to use the code YESPLEASE at checkout to receive the discount!  In other news, you may have noticed that  I hopped on a brief 6 hour Mega Bus to Cincinnati for the weekend. My best friend is having a baby! (I can’t believe I’m old enough to say that.) So I’ll be spending the weekend with Tasha and her family for the baby shower! I couldn’t be more excited for sweet little Harper to get here in December! What are you up to this weekend?  Pssst… P.S. remember to snatch up your favorite Madewell sale finds before they’re gone in just 2 days!  * photo via * <

  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Chokers, White Sandals, Off White Pumps, Blouses On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 9, 2019   Is it just me or has every day this week felt like it should be Friday? ?Good news though–you are going to L-O-V-E today’s post, my friends.  By now, you guys are pretttty familiar with my love for Lolë–(pronounced LO-LAY–and stands for Live Out Loud Every day!) They’re a Canadian brand I discovered a couple years back that makes awesome activewear and lifestyle staples, but if you’re new here, I’ll give you the quick run-down!  Löle, in my eyes, basically gets put into the same category with Everlane (which, as you know, is basically the highest level any brand can get to in the Jess Keys levels of brand favoritism ?) but they’re really in a league of their own, and here’s why:  1. They are a super ethical company that is committed to making the world a better place wherever possible––for example, they are committed to sustainability, and a lot of their materials are made from recycled plastic bottles (although, you’d never know it!) Their brand is built with a genuine concern for people, product performance, and positive impact–and I love that! I always feel like I’m doing good wearing their clothing!  2. Their products are LEGIT. They are true *lifestyle* products, and very worthy of the investment. Their items–and they make a lot of them–are made for all-weather, all-season, all-occasion. From commuting to work to traveling to just living, my Lolë items are the ones I find myself reaching for over and over again. I turned so many of you guys into believers with their winter coats this year and was so happy whenever I got DM’s saying “thank you for introducing me to Lolë!! This coat has changed my life this winter!!” So, I’m really excited to keep that rolling with their SPRING items! Huzzah!  They soo many really great new arrivals, and I kid you not, I spent hours pouring over their website, trying on a lot of different styles and figuring out which staples you guys were going to love the most–and these are them!  The criteria: Each of these items had to qualify as a “go-to” for multiple occasions–ideal for work, weekend, and travel–stylish, comfortable, versatile, and equally as important–functional.  Okay! Ready to see what made the cut? Let’s go!       You know I’ve been on a midi dress kick lately, and this one tops the charts with both form and function. This dress is super comfortable and ideal to throw on for brunch, it looks adorable with sneakers and won’t blow up in the wind, so it’s perfect for travel, and best of all–it’s also long enough for work. (Just throw on a cardigan and a pair of cute flats or loafers!) Also comes in black, red, and blue! (Black would be even easier to dress up for work!)  Sizing: Runs a little big, I’m wearing XS (my normal size) and there’s still some room. If you want it tighter, go a size down.  I’ve actually had this tote for years now and I love it–it’s honestly the most functional bag I own. It can be converted from tote to backpack, has a 13″ laptop pocket, yoga mat compartment, water bottle compartment, detachable, transparent case, shoe bag, phone pocket, and keychain to attach your keys to, so you can always find them in your bag! They thought of EVERYTHING.   (Also available in black.) I have been wearing this trench NON. STOP. Ever since I got it about a month ago. It’s the perfect spring trench because it’s insanely lightweight but still super warm. It’s definitely a more streamlined, minimalistic design, which I love. (Fun fact: Their head designer came from Burberry–can you tell? ?) It also folds up into *nothing* so it makes it ideal for travel as well.  Sizing: supposed to be a loose fit, but order your normal size (or size down if you’re always in between). I’m wearing XS. I also roll up the sleeves.  You guys saw me style this shirt 8 different ways in my white jeans post not too long ago! Here it is again–a 9th way. ? This is another staple I’ve been living in over the past month–I’ve worn it with everything from jean shorts to skirts–I’ve dressed it up for meetings, wore it around with a pair of jeans exploring Toronto all day, and dressed it down for weekends on several occasions. It’s quickly become an essential uniform staple. It’s tunic length, so you can wear it so many ways for so many things–I’m definitely going to wear it as a bathing suit cover up this summer, too!  Sizing: Runs TTS but oversized, I’m wearing XS.  OKAY. STOP THE PRESSES. E-V-E-R-Y-O-N-E who works in an office setting needs these pants. They are the stretchiest work pant’s I’ve ever experienced. Seriously, you can do yoga in them if you wanted to. They are incredibly flattering and best of all, they go with everything. They are the perfect happy medium between “work pant” and “life pant.” If you were going on a trip for work and extending through the weekend, you could honestly get away with packing one pair of pants–these.  Sizing: they run VERY SMALL. Go up two sizes. I would typically wear a 0 in say, J.Crew, but I’m wearing a 4 here.         I now own this jacket in three colors and I’ve been a huge fan of the Emeline for YEARS! This jacket is packable, meaning, it squishes into a tiny little pouch that can fit anywhere–it’s like magic. It’s also insanely warm–wind and water repellant with 700 fill power down insulation. The down is also responsibly sourced and trackable–each jacket comes with a unique serial number which can be used to trace the origin of the down. This is the perfect jacket to bring with you for that weird in-between spring weather, or when you’re traveling to a chillier climate. (This would be a perfect spring European adventure trip jacket!)  Tip: On days where it’s cold in the AM and drops again later in the day, I actually layer both the Emeline and the Bleeker trench! They’re both to same color and go together so well–it’s like they came as a set! ?Then, when it’s warm enough for just the trench, I’ll roll the Emeline up and smush it in my bag–it’s perfect!  Emeline sizing: Runs TTS! Wearing small. (I wear small in more fitted jackets and XS in looesr jackets. I have broad shoulders, haha!)  Last but not least–if you’ve been looking for a classic, minimalistic, super functional rain-jacket, look no further than the Piper! I like that it’s long to provide extra protection in downpours. (Speaking of, I actually wore this in a TOTAL torrential downpour–like, with no umbrella–and I stayed perfectly dry! It’s waterproof and windproof, and is super duper, barely there lightweight. It also has regular pockets but also a bunch of internal pockets as well, which come in super handy!  Best of all: Guess what? It’s packable, too–just like the Emeline! It also comes in tons of fun colors!  Sizing: Runs big! Size down! Wearing XS and still lot’s of room!     This post brought to you in partnership with Lolë, all opinions are 110% my own! A huge thank you to the Lolë team for being such amazing ongoing partners and for making products that myself and my readers love so much!   Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Stuart Weitzman Pumps, Grey Long Sleeve Tees, White Sandals, White Tank Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 15, 2016     Hi from Oregon, guys! Today’s post will be short and sweet because between keeping up with my nephews, cooking, and baby holding, I have a pretty full schedule at the moment! Some rambling updates in bullet form (because my youngest nephew, Andrew, is making things a little difficult to concentrate and accomplish the “full paragraph” thing :-P): 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Anyway, one of my favorite things about winter and the holidays are ALL THE COZY PJ’S!! Matching pajama sets are kind of an essential in my house. (Especially now that we moved and our new place is sligghhtllyyyy on the freezing side.) Plus, they make for some pretttyyy darn cute family photos on Christmas morning! Shop my favorite PJ sets above! Have a happy Thursday!  xo Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Emma Lenhart says  December 17, 2016 at 8:07 pm Love these PJ sets! I always get my mom a pair for Christmas, thanks for the ideas! Emma Lenhart
http://www.EmmaLenhart.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Leggings, Trendy Tops, Sweaters And Cardigans, Present Ideas and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 10, 2018   Pajamas: Ralph Lauren c/o Macy’s (they have so many other colors, too! They run true to size, I got XS and for once they aren’t too short! (I’m 5’6 for height reference), Slippers c/o Macy’s, Wreath: c/o Macy’s, Lights: similar mini string lights (these are super cute, too!) Blanket: similar here (but this one is an ELECTRIC BLANKET! I actually ordered this but it didn’t arrive in time to shoot–I will post on Instagram stories when it arrives. I’m so excited ?)  Happy Monday, guys!  From one grandma to another, I know you are going to LOOVVEEE today’s post! I present to you: the coziest gifts EVER. (By “gifts” I mean…they can be a gift to yourself, too ?) Remember when I updated our bedroom for fall? Well, this week, we updated it for Christmas!  Is there anything better than a clean, cozified (is that a word) bedroom? I don’t think so.  (Except for when you’re wearing the comfiest new pajamas, slippers, and get to craw into bed with a heated faux fur blanket–talk about THE DREAM!) Speaking of dreams–everything you see in this post is 30% off right now for Macy’s Friends and Family sale! (Just use code FRIEND at checkout!) They have so many categories marked down–you could easily knock out your entire list during the sale!  Let’s go on, shall we?  I got the idea of a wreath above the bed from following one of my favorite instagram accounts, @MereZimmermann (she has the most beautifully decorated homey house and the cutest kids you’ve ever seen)–so obviously, I had to re-create it for myself. This proved the be the perfect solution as I had agonized over what kind of artwork to put above the bed for 3 years to no avail. Boom! Wreath! Seasonal AND stylish. Huzzah!  Macy’s has a ton of pretty wreaths, and a few different boxwoods on sale, too! If boxwoods aren’t your thing, I also loveee their olive wreath, which would be great to leave up year-round! They have a ton of different holiday wreaths–all are 30% off right now with code FRIEND for their Friends and Family sale!  I think dainty string lights are the cutest, easiest way to add some fun holiday cheer to your bedroom! Weave them through or around your headboard, or you can run them across your dresser or around your vanity mirror! I love these minis because they’re just enough glow and don’t feel like tacky Christmas lights!  Okay–so–get this. Electric blankets still exist–and they come in FAUX FUR. Yep. I almost fell off my chair with excitement when I saw this heated faux fur blanket (on a scale of 1-10, how basic am I?) on Macy’s website. (There’s also this plaid heated blanket!) I had no idea they had such a gigantic selection of cozy blankets and adorable throws.  What can I say? I’m ALWAYS cold at home in the winter–this seems like the answer to all my prayers. (I need to order Kelly one. Girlfriend wears long underwear even in the house.)  I added it to my cart immediately, but sadly, it did not arrive in time for me to shoot this post. (The one in these photos is an older blanket BUT you can find a similar one here!) However, I will definitely keep you posted on my thoughts when it gets here! What a great gift would this make your mom or sister, right!?   You guys know, I am a pajama FIEND. I was so excited to order this beautiful, classic blackwatch plaid set from Ralph Lauren. Right now it’s also on sale–marked down from $75 to $39!  When I opened the box, I was expecting the regular flannel material we’re all used to–but no, these are made of like–magic-flannel-fleecy-thick-softest-material-you’ve-ever-felt goodness. They are seriously the warmest, most comfortable pajamas you’ve ever put on your body. A bold statement, I know, but these are officially my #1’s! They would make the perfect gift for anyone in your family!  Macy’s is also low key the best place to get pajamas–especially matching family pajamas–did you know they have really affordable sets for the whole family!? I got them for all of Neal’s family last year (even a matching bandana for Otto!) and it was so cute!   These are truly the softest, most cloud-like slippers, and if they weren’t comfortable enough as-is, they put memory foam in the soles ?so it really does feel like you’re walking on a pillowy cloud! Unreal! Plus, they’re so affordable–on sale for $17.50! I almost ordered these faux fur slipper booties too but I knew Neal would never let me live them down ?    Shop more favorites:   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Crest Family Dental says  December 10, 2018 at 11:33 pm Good post. I was searched this topic. Finally I got the information in this blog. Thanks for posting such a nice article. – dentist in hartford Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Leggings, Black And Gold Jewelry, Platform Pumps Shoes, Blue Cocktail Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 18, 2016     Shoes: c/o indigo rd (available at Francesca’s!) I also own these booties and these booties by them// Slip tank: Nordstrom (Only $30!) It has the prettiest back, too! I also love this ruffled version and this version–it’s the perfect layer, which makes it great year-round! // Jeans: Levi’s 711 Skinny Jeans–I wear them non-stop, and they’re so budget friendly! I’ve also had my eyes on this budget-friendly pair as well. (Size tip: they run true to size, but note, they’ll stretch a bit with wear!) // Camo Jacket: old, but this one is identical! Also, if you’re not into camo, I love this olive military jacket!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

It’s no secret that there’s a ton of great shopping in Chicago. Everyone knows that–right? Well, when it comes to WHERE the best shopping in the Windy City is–that seems to be where the secret part comes in. When you think “shopping”–you always think “Michigan Avenue” and “Magnificent Mile”–but my personal preference is to go the small shop route and get off the beaten touristy path. Get out of downtown, and into the local neighborhoods. Even before I moved here, Wicker Park has always been my go-to shopping neighborhood. Here you’ll find an eclectic mix of shops that will please literally everyone! Today, I’m excited to partner with an awesome budget-friendly shoe brand, indigo rd (they make these adorable lace-up heels that I’m wearing here!) to bring you a three-part series over the next several days, of where I love to Shop, Eat and Play in Chicago! First up–shopping, obviously. (Because isn’t that what you really care about?) If you’re making a trip to the windy city, or if you’re a local looking to broaden your shopping horizons, make sure to put these spots on your list! A long-time favorite of mine, Eskell was actually founded by two IU grads. (Go Hoosiers!) They sell some of the most unique and feminine clothes, which also includes their own namesake label “Eskell,” some beautiful dainty jewelry, and a small collection of housewares. Never buy lingerie anywhere else again. While Journelle sells high-end labels, their namesake “Journelle” brand has the prettiest bras, undies, and nighties for really great prices. They also have bottled water, chocolates, and cozy robes in each dressing room! Contrary to what the name suggests, nothing in Vintage Charm is actually vintage. It’s actually more Anthropologie meets local boutique. They have lot’s of cute clothes, accessories, and gifts, and the girls that work there are always so nice and friendly! Part vintage, part new, Una Mae’s has such a cool selection of clothing and accessories for girls and guys. It’s a great spot to go for gifts, or just to browse when you’re bored. I always find something in here! Volumes is my favorite local bookstore, just down the street from our place. I love going here to pick up a new book or get some work done. Even better? They sell wine. There’s nothing more relaxing than curling up here with a book and some vino! Neal and I pop into Velvet Goldmine every couple of weeks, and where we scored a lot of the furniture for his office. They have a ton of fantastic, one of a kind midcentury modern pieces and some of the best prices I’ve seen in the city. If you love furniture, definitely check it out, and tell the owners, Jon and Kurt we say hello! Speaking of vintage, if you love vintage jewelry, you’ll be in heaven in Vintage Underground! Costume jewelry is their speciality, but they have a really great selection of clothing as well. It’s always fun to stop in and browse. Last but not least–I’ve been a huge fan of Francesca’s ever since I moved to Chicago more than 6 years ago! They have locations all over the city, but my favorites are in Bucktown and Lincoln Park. They’ve got a great selection of clothing, accessories, shoes (I have these, and these–which you’ll be seeing in another post soon!) and more. Every time I pop in, I find something new! I love going there when shopping for gifts as well–they have an incredible selection of candles and great, affordable jewelry that is always a hit! —- Usually I pop into all of the above on my way to and from a coffee shop during the day, or on my way to meet friends for dinner in the evening! Speaking of, I’ve been wearing this outfit combination on repeat lately. I love these indigo rd sandals for fall. The combination of their pretty brown color and suede makes them the perfect transitional shoes. (Why did it take me so long to own a pair?) They totally make any outfit–like this simple combo of my Levi’s jeans (they look so cute rolled at the ankle with these heels) and this slip tank (only $30!), which has become a staple of mine ever since I picked it up a few weeks ago–it looks great on it’s own, or layered under a jacket when the nights get chillier. It’s one of those pieces that can be dressed up or down easily, so it’s awesome for travel too!     This post brought to you in partnership with Indigo Rd. Thank you for supporting the brands that help keep this site up and running!  Photos by Julie Kennedy Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style, Travel  
Natalie says  October 18, 2016 at 9:05 am Can’t forget Mulberry & Me near Division & Damen! We’re just a few stores west of Velvet Goldmine. We think you’ve got some amazing style & would love to see you in the shop! It’s the perfect time to check us out because our annual Fall Sale this Wednesday, 10/10! We’ll hook you up with 20% off every dang thang from 10 am – 8 pm!  https://www.instagram.com/mulberryandme/ 
Rachel Spross says  October 18, 2016 at 9:47 am Great post! And I love your outfit. So simple and chic  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  October 18, 2016 at 11:54 am love this cute casual look! perfect for a day like today! 
Alexa McCarthy says  October 20, 2016 at 7:04 pm I may be biased, but Wicker Park definitely has the best shopping in the city. There’s such a diverse selection of styles and I’m never bored.  I love Penelope’s on Division and Oak+Fort on Damen for simple modern looks! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Backpacks, Off Shoulder Black Dresses, Black Graphic Tees, Lace Midi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 18, 2015     I always get so excited when things go on mega sale at Anthropologie, and then I discover that I realistically can’t wear a lot of the items much longer (i.e. chunky sherpa-like sweaters). Or, at least I tell myself winter will be over by April.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Regardless, nobody wants to pay $50 for something (even if it is 50% off) if you can’t wear it into the next season, am I right? Luckily, Anthro’s latest sale has a lot to be desired when it comes to transitional pieces. Here are some of my favorite picks. Plus, enter the code EXTRAEXTRA to save an additional 20% all sale items!    Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Formal Gowns, Black Booties Heels, Mules, Brown Flat Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 3, 2017     Oversized scarf: Nordstrom (only $29! Also comes in grey and white, I love this camel infinity scarf and this lightweight cashmere version, which is perfect for travel!) // Faux Leather Leggings: old, but very similar here, here, and did you know Spanx makes a version, with a shaping, control top!? (Wish I’d had THOSE during the holidays!) I also just got these suede leggings in brown, but they also come in black–both colors are on major sale and SO COMFY! (You’ll be seeing those in my next outfit post!) // Flats: c/o Tuckernuck (sold out on their site but available on Amazon and Macy’s and also available in black (Also love the Tory Burch Jolie Flats in camel!) // Camel sweater: (also styled here) from Nordstrom–it’s $39 and feels like butter! Also comes in several colors. // Purse: Vintage Louis Vuitton Speedy 25 (I got mine on eBay YEARS ago) but I would definitely recommend checking out the used/vintage selection from the Real Real // Bracelets: Kendra Scott cuff and Elton bracelets // Makeup: Milani Color Statement Lipstick in “Sweet Nectar” (drugstore buy!) but I found a similar color from MAC called “Obi Orange” which will have much longer-lasting results! Dior Mascara, BareMinerals Complexion Rescue, BareMinerals Mineral Makeup, Estee Lauder Sculpting Blush in “Peach Passion” and Estee Lauder “Brow Now” Eyebrow Pencil // Hair: Curled with a Beachwaver curling iron, finished with Oribe Dry Texture Spray (smells SOOO good, sometimes I put it on just for the smell!)    Hi guys! Are you having trouble getting back into “the swing of things”? Me too. At least it’s a Tuesday that feels like Monday, right?! If you’ve been reading this blog for awhile, you know that sometimes I feel scatterbrained and prefer to write in bullet points because my brain is too all over the place to write in complete sentences. (I’m sure that happens to you sometimes? I hope? ;-P) So, a couple rambling updates of what’s been happening over here lately: And now, on to today’s outfit! If you couldn’t guess from the title, today’s color of the day issssss…CAMEL! (It’s also the color of the day in my next outfit post because I unknowingly shot several camel looks back to back and didn’t realize it until I was looking at the photos. Whoops!) But really, I can’t get enough of this color, and for good reason. It makes EVERYTHING look chic. I can be wearing a dirty, messy ponytail and minimal makeup and somehow pull on a camel sweater and make it look like it was on purpose. It’s a magical closet trick, really, you should try it. This oversized scarf is insanely comfy–I like it both draped over my neck and wrapped as well–it comes in very handy when it’s negative temperatures. You’ll also recognize this sweater from this post, where I told you that I talked about it SO much that Kelly went out and bought it and we both now wear it several times per week. It’s seriously so soft, it feels like cashmere, but is less than $40! Anddd the real camel hero of this outfit? (Ding ding dinggg)–the flats! I originally got them from Tuckernuck–one of my favorite websites–they stock so many classic staples that never go out of style! The flats are sold out from Tuckernuck now but you can still get them on Amazon and Macy’s. (I have my eye on these leopard flats, these leopard loafers, and these natural raffia loafers, too!) I love these flats because they look just as classic as the Chanel one’s for WAYYY less! (Love when that happens!) Okay, I’ve got to start getting my act together and packing for Mexico! EEEEE!   
 
 
   Photos by Jules Kennedy  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Stacy says  January 3, 2017 at 12:24 pm Yay to surprise vacations! We stayed at a Secrets in Costa Rica for our honeymoon. You and Neal are going to love it!
I agree, camel is a great color. Seeing as my alarm never went off this morning, I didn’t have much time to put together an outfit today. Threw on a camel sweater with colored jeans and boom, professional! 
Emily says  January 3, 2017 at 3:48 pm Jess, you look gorgeous! You’re right, this color makes everything look chic. Love it.  Also, I’m SO with you on dreaming of moving to Italy one day. I studied abroad there and have been itching to go back ever since. I need to read that book!
Isn’t That Charming. 
Devon says  January 3, 2017 at 4:24 pm Obsessed with this whole outfit! Love those flats, and that scarf looks SO comfy. Need!! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Grace says  January 3, 2017 at 4:43 pm We’re having a few cooler days in the middle of our insanely hot Australian summer, and when I was getting ready this morning I almost considered throwing on my camel cardigan. You’re so right, camel just has that *something*. Diary of a Would-Be Gallerist 
Polly says  January 3, 2017 at 4:53 pm I’m loving the neutral colors! Your flats are super cute! Polly
http://gemsandjoy.com 
Ashleigh Jean says  January 3, 2017 at 6:04 pm What a fab outfit! I’m actually totally 100% in love with that lace-like bracelet! Too pretty! I hope you have the best time in Mexico!! ​
xx, Ashleigh | http://www.fashioninflight.com 
Kristina Anderson says  January 4, 2017 at 1:50 pm Oh wow, enjoy Mexico!! It sounds like so much fun!  Kristina does the Internets Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Metallic Shoes, Striped Dresses, Colored Denim Jeans, Gold And Silver Jewelry and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 10, 2018  We’re back with another CAPSULE WARDROBE ?? Huzzaahhhh! Today’s post is a longgg time coming–we are way overdue for another capsule post! You guys loved my summer weekend getaway capsule so much that I decided we had to do a fall version, too! Today I’m breaking down 12 fall wardrobe staples (9 articles of clothing, and three pairs of shoes!) and remixing them into 12 different outfits! Whether you’re planning a short cabin getaway or a 5 day road trip, you’ll be able to remix these essentials into endless outfit combinations! First thing’s first, I was very selective of the items that I chose for this particular capsule because I tend to be a very light packer. There is nothing more frustrating than opening your suitcase when you get somewhere and realizing that nothing you packed goes together and you have that dreaded “I have a suitcase full of NOTHING to wear!” My rule for whatever I’m packing is that each item needs to be able to be styled at least two ways for day and night. Your guidelines of what is suitable for “day” vs “night” will obviously be different based on the occasions you’re planning on your trip–for these purposes, I kept things pretty casual–because, obviously, most fall occasions on the weekends are casual ones–and I thought that would be most helpful! Even if you’re not planning a trip anytime soon, you’ll love this post to give new inspo on new and creative ways to style the basics you already own! (And give you a ton of suggestions on what new investments to make this year!)  Planning my “fall weekend away” capsule (and my love of traveling light)–I kept these packing tips in mind: Comfort is key:  Every piece of clothing here had to be COMFORTABLE. When the temperatures drop, all I want to wear are super soft things that feel like they’re giving me a hug–I figured you might be the same ? Versatility is a must:  Again, nothing made this list that couldn’t be styled several different ways for lot’s of occasions. This becomes especially important when you’re packing for more than just a night or two–because space in your luggage is precious! You’ll notice I also kept to a color scheme of black, brown, cream and pops of burnt orange to ensure everything went together. Extra layers are your friend:  Sometimes it’s freezing, others you’ll be sweating–you definitely want to bring a couple extra long sleeved layers so you can add and subtract as necessary based on cold or warmer weather! — As I did with my summer capsule, in today’s post–I’m back partnering with American Eagle (yep! Everything I’m wearing here is AE!) Their items not only check all of the above boxes, but they are INSANELY affordable in addition to being cute, comfy, and versatile! Also worth noting: SO many of the items included in this capsule are also on sale for 40-60% off!  If you haven’t given them a chance in several years–you need to again. I know you will LOVE them! Ok–what are we waiting for–let’s get into it, yeah!? I actually chose the first two pairs of jeans based on an Instagram poll you guys answered! So many of you said that you loved AE’s mom jeans and jeggings–and those of you who haven’t tried them were most interested in hearing my thoughts on them–thus, here we are! Pair of black jeans: This was one of your #1 most recommended pairs of jeans, and it’s very easy to see why. They have the perfect amount of stretch, insanely soft, not too thin but not thick, the perfect high-rise to hug your curves and define your waist. I adore them–and I can’t believe the price, either–they’re $34 right now!! I ordered the regular length and I roll them to wear with ankle boots–I’m 5’6 for height reference. Pair of mom jeans: This was your other super popular recommendation for jeans–I have heard about AE’s mom jeans forever and it was about time that I tried a pair–I have to tell you, I LOVE them. I’m really weird about ripped jeans and I feel like I never feel quite “me” in them–but I truly love these. They have a vintage look and feel and they are the softest, most comfortable jeans I now own. They feel like sweatpants! Also, they run TTS and they’re a little looser through the thighs + calves with a taper down to the ankle! I love them folded up at the ankle. I’m 5’6 for height reference here. Black denim skirt: I really love skirts and I feel like I don’t really own very many, so when I saw this black denim skirt I thought it would be the perfect fall/winter version. It looks adorable with just about everything! Runs TTS! Striped bodysuit: Another first for me–I’ve never worn a bodysuit! Mostly because the thought of using the bathroom while wearing it really just was a big turn-off ? But this one has snaps (like an infant onesie ?) so that debacle is avoided. You’ll see in a lot of these outfits I use the bodysuit as my base layer–it’s really cute on its own but it’s also very cute with other things layered over the top of it, so it’s really easy to dress up or down! TTS. Flannel button up: Who doesn’t love a good flannel shirt in the fall? You’ll be surprised at how versatile it can be! I love AE’s and they have a TON of different colors– they are so incredibly soft! TTS. Open back bow sweater: Definitely one of my favorite pieces of this whole capsule–the color, for one–the orangey-red-brown-rust color is stunning and one of my favorites for fall! The best part though is the bow in the back with the peek-a-boo slit! (I wear a sticky bra so your bra doesn’t show!) However, you can also wear a really cute strappy bralette to show off too! TTS. Ribbed cardigan: A staple in everyone’s closet–a comfortable, cozy chunky cardigan is a no-brainer for any trip! It’s easy to throw in your tote bag to keep you warm on the plane, and is the ultimate extra layer for any outfit! They have a ton of cardigans right now too! TTS. Henley sweatshirt: My other favorite piece I found–I’m not a fan of old dingy sweatshirts, but I love being comfortable, so this sweatshirt is my newest obsession! It’s basically like a very elevated stylish version of sweats–it’s the softest thing you’ve ever felt and I love the button details! TTS. I included three pairs of shoes for this capsule–you really don’t need more than that, and you could easily just get away with two! (Or one pair of booties, if you’re really getting lean on the packing!) Neutral booties (if you prefer a higher ankle + rounder toe, these are also super cute!) My go-to booties during the fall and winter are always neutral ankle  boots. You can wear them with everything from a sweatshirt and jeans to a dress, skirt, and everything in between. Go for a small heel so you’ll be able to dress them up at night but still walk for miles in them during the daytime. They’re also easy to pack and don’t take up much room, like other boots can. OTK boots are another must-have in the footwear department. I own them in both tan and black, so feel free to pick whichever fits in best with your color scheme! Flat OTK boots are a great way to feel “dressed up” but super comfortable–so your feet aren’t killing you at the end of the night! White sneakers (I especially love these Keds!) They go with everything–I’ve been a fan of the classic white sneaker ever since I was a kid–and not much has changed since ? Plaid scarf: Is it REALLY fall if you aren’t wearing a big plaid scarf ? The one I’m styling here is old but this one is super similar and comes in lot’s of colors! I decided to break these outfits up into three different sections centered around the anchor piece of each outfit–denim! First up, boyfriend jeans, then skinny jeans, then a denim skirt!    The thing I love about these jeans is that they truly make everything feel very “fall” to me–which is a little surprising seeing as I always associate ripped denim with summer. A lot of questions I get are around how to style mom jeans–since they aren’t skinny–can you wear them with boots? How? What else do you style them with? Honestly, you can wear jeans like these with pretty much anything you’d wear with regular jeans–just keep in mind that since the legs are baggier than skinnies, you can’t wear them with high boots (they look funny tucked in)–so opt for footwear that cuts off around or below the ankle. I really like mine rolled up at the ankles (which you can also do to accomodate booties that might be a bit higher cut up the ankle–you want there to be a little bit of space in between where the bottom of your jeans and your boots meet–otherwise, you’ll look like you have cankles ?) Here, I love them paired with the flannel, cardigan, and booties! You can also add a subtle statement earring if your outfit is feeling too “tomboyish” for you!     Same mom jeans, cardigan sweater, and booties–but a striped bodysuit and bandana totally changes up the look! This is a great outfit to transition from night to day. If you’re going out to a bar and you want to dress it up a bit, remove the cardigan and scarf and add a statement earring–then you’re ready to go!     I have been LIVING in this henley sweatshirt ever since it arrived a couple weeks ago! It’s seriously the softest thing ever. You can’t get away with pairing any other sweatshirt with a pair of booties–but this one is cute and polished enough to do just that! It’s a great go-between if you want to look cute and stylish but really comfortable at the same time. The jeans are also insanely comfortable, so paired with your favorite sneakers and a scarf, this is an ideal “travel” outfit if you want to be ready to go out and explore as soon as you arrive!   Transitioning into skinny jean territory over here–I chose to go with these in black because black jeans seem to be what you guys have the most trouble finding–and I figured they’d be a good test drive! Let me tell you, they did not disappoint! They come in short and long, so you can find the perfect length that works for you. Sizing: They do run small, I went one size up and they fit perfectly! I think this outfit is PERFECT for fall party where you want to look cute and stylish but comfortable. The peek a boo back of the sweater paired with the bow is really the cherry on top and makes this outfit extra special. If you wanted to dress it up more, you can swap the booties for a pair of pumps!     Our trusty striped bodysuit again! I specifically chose the striped version because it adds a lot of personality no matter how basic your outfit is–that, and, stripes actually are the perfect pattern pairing for plaids. I knew I was going to have at least two plaids in this capsule–so thin stripes were the perfect foil! The pattern pairing works because the stripes are small, skinny and subtle, while the plaid scarf is bright, large print, and bold! I love how the high waisted jeans look paired with the bodysuit–and I rolled the jeans at the ankle for a little added personality with the booties!    Mixing our striped bodysuit and plaids yet again! Another trick to mixing prints is to go with two patterns in the same color scheme. These work well together because they’re both black and white and work so well with black jeans! This outfit also gets versatility points because we took the flannel–what was originally a base layer–and turned it into a top layer! Feel free to play around with your button-downs–they make great top layers when you don’t feel like wearing  a sweater or a jacket!     Anddd moving onto our final three outfits–each wearing this black denim skirt! (They have several available here!) I love this skirt because it’s soft and falls/hugs your curves really nicely–it doesn’t bag out at the butt and waist like a lot of denim skirts. This is another one of my a favorite outfits of the mix–with the shorter hemline playing nicely with the bulkier sweater up top–booties look adorable with it, but OTK boots would look cute too! I can’t get over how cute the back of the sweater is–if you wrap your scarf like I did here (with both ends hanging down the front)–it still shows off the back, too!    Next is an outfit featuring the striped bodysuit and cardigan that also easily bridges the day to night gap. I’d wear this outfit out for pizza or some fun casual bars on Friday or Saturday night. The best part about OTK boots is that you can wear them with denim skirts and not have the need for tights–all that material all the way up to your thighs adds SO much warmth!     Finally, last, but not least–a fun way to style your denim skirt during the daytime! (Skirts aren’t just for dressing up!) Pair it with a flannel and white sneakers (add a bandana for extra flair–mine is old here!) Wear this to brunch or out to the pumpkin patch! This post brought to you in partnership with American Eagle–a brand I have re-discovered and found a whole new level of love for! Thanks for supporting the partnerships that allow me to keep on creating the best possible content for you!  Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Style  
Allie says  October 10, 2018 at 6:14 am I love that bow back sweater! The color is gorgeous! xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Kimber says  October 10, 2018 at 8:43 am “Adult baby onesies”??? I love the way bodysuits look so polished but I’ve never tried one for the same feat as you had! But I think I’ll look into giving this one a shot! 
Devon Aragona says  October 10, 2018 at 1:12 pm LOVE this post. So many great fall staples to put on my list and super helpful. Thank you so much! 
Cynthia says  October 10, 2018 at 7:45 pm Great post , love the fall capsule wardrobe ideas!
There are so many options in jeans…
What is the difference between “mom” jeans and girlfriend jeans and boyfriend jeans?? Thanks 
Corinne says  October 31, 2018 at 12:39 pm I would also love to know the difference between the mom and girlfriend jeans. I assume mom jeans just have a higher rise than the others? but then what is the difference between the bf/gf jeans. Regardless they all look awesome on you and i love this post! […] ref:https://thegoldengirlblog.com/12-piece-fall-weekend-capsule-wardrobe/ […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Up Dresses, Floral Long Dresses, Black Booties Shoes, Off White Lace Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 23, 2017   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Eyelet Romper: Cupcakes and Cashmere (available at Shopbop and Bloomingdales)–runs large, size down! Also love this one with a ruffle neckline + pom poms for $40 and this long-sleeve lace version and this strapless lace version! // Sandals: Terry Block Heels from B.P. (only $69!) I also love these lace-up block-heels (on sale for $49 and come in several colors!) // Earrings: Madewell (also available on Shopbop)–also love this similar all gold version and these ones too!// Circle bag: Madewell (select colors are on sale for $79!) You can also get the black version here (2 day Prime shipping!) Similar pebbled leather version here as well. // Initial Necklace: Helen Ficalora–similar version here for only $58!  How is your week going so far?! Well…you know how mine started off. (I shared the superglue incident of 2017 in yesterday’s post–haha!) Luckily it’s looking up! It turned out to be a beautiful half of the day yesterday in Chicago and I even spent part of the day working outside on the porch! Seeing as there’s quite a bit of rain in the forecast this week I figured I should really get out while I can  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Sitting outside and observing the trees, this is really the first time I’ve noticed that it LOOKS like summer outside. (Previously it had FELT like summer, but the trees were still in the process of turning that deep, pretty green!) This makes me even more excited for Memorial Day weekend!   I’m really trying to kick my you-know-what into high gear with the wedding countdown nearing the 3 month mark–I found a new go-to for easy healthy meals when I don’t feel like cooking: Snap Kitchen! Have you heard of them? They’re super healthy-protein and veggie-heavy pre-made meals that you just pop into the microwave or oven. They have them at Whole Foods, too! I’ve also been doing BBG and CorePower when it comes to workouts. My new mantra is to never miss a Monday workout. I’ve found that if you make yourself work out on Monday, it sets the tone for the week and then you’re motivated to keep going because you don’t want to mess up your workout hot streak! Anyway–I’m today excited to share this adorable romper! Have you checked out anything from the Cupcakes and Cashmere line yet? I have a few favorites by her! (She’s one of my favorite bloggers and I’ve been following her since the beginning of time, so I love supporting her! Now, Joanna…you just need to come out with a clothing line, now ;-))     One note–based off the few items I’ve purchased so far, the C&C line runs LARGE, so definitely size down on anything you’re buying! Right now they sell this romper at both Shopbop and Bloomingdales. We snapped these photos when we went out to lunch for Blair’s birthday last week. (I bravely wore this white romper to a lunch that involved hot sauce and tacos–aren’t you SO proud of me for not spilling?!) These sandals (as you’ve likely noticed from their spotlight in many a blog post) are also one of my go-to’s right now. They are so budget-friendly and SO comfortable. I wore them out a few Saturdays ago for my friend Leigh’s bachelorette party in Florida and my feet didn’t hurt at all even after hours of dancing! (Also, please ignore the mosquito bites on my legs. Those are another souvenir from Florida. I swear I am a mosquito magnet!) I loved the contrast of these boho statement earrings with the sweet eyelet features of the romper! (These actually belong to Shaheen–but you can snag them on both Nordstrom and Shopbop, too!) Shop more white rompers:       Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kelly in the City says  May 23, 2017 at 9:20 am LOVED the romper. Can we note the scallops around the neck?! How had I not noticed that before?! SO CUTE. <3 
Lisa says  May 23, 2017 at 9:33 am Eyelet, scallops, the bow…it is official, this romper is the cutest! Love the way you styled it, too! 
Dubliner in Deutschland says  May 24, 2017 at 7:42 am Love it! And the shoes too Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Chokers, High Rise Skinny Jeans, Long Dresses, Printed Sweaters and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 15, 2016   Photo via Kelly In The City  Happy Monday! I hope you’re enjoying the long weekend and that you slept in extra late today! (I for one, am totally going back to bed after I get this post up!) Just wanted to pop in to let you know about some awesome sales going on today–it’s a great opportunity to stock up on basics like tees and jeans, and take advantage of some select warm weather items to be prepared for spring! Also, there are some AMAZING home deals to note as well (especially if you’re in the market for a rug!) See my favorites below–happy shopping!    Up to 40% off!      



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 In stores and online: $25 off your purchase of $125+, $75 off your purchase of $250+ or $175 off your purchase of $500+. Use code GETSHOPPING.     40% off + free shipping! Plus, an additional 30% off clearance. (Lot’s of great basics to stock up on!)      50% off sale styles and 30% off new styles!     40% off select styles + 50% off sweaters     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 50% off select styles     Extra 40% off     Up to 80% off bath, bedding, and textiles!     20% off with code FRIENDS     $50 off every $200 spent     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 20% off lamps and lighting, 30% off curtains and hardware, 70% off markdowns     Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Mary Kate says  February 15, 2016 at 9:54 am Love this! I definitely stocked up on the J Crew sale this weekend! Mary Kate
http://www.mynewchicagolife.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Black And Gold Jewelry, Ripped Skinny Jeans, White Blouses And Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 25, 2019   We’re back with another lululemon review! As you guys know, lululemon is one of my favorite workout brands–I turned so many of you onto their Swiftly Tech shirts after my last review this past winter–(they are truly amazing, definitely go read that if you haven’t yet!) but today, I’m diving into a few items from their Run collection. Now that the weather is heating up, we can FINALLY work out outside! ??That’s actually one of my favorite parts about Chicago, there are so many beautiful places to run outdoors. From the lakefront to the 606 trail to Humboldt Park–there are lot’s of beautiful places to go. I find that running outside is the best stress-fighter. (Side note: If you need a running buddy–join lululemon’s Running Club! You can find your local club on the Strava app! Just download and search “lululemon Run Club” in your area–it’ll show you all the local meetups! It’s a great way to meet new friends, too!)   Funny enough–I have always wanted to try a pair of lululemon running shorts–because, as you guys know (if you’ve read any of my other workout posts)–I HATE BEING HOT. ?I have a very low heat tolerance, so finding a good pair of workout shorts was on my must-do list before summer. However, the last time I owned running shorts were the really bulky diaper-like kind that everyone wore in high school college. Not a good look. I’ve also found it difficult to find shorts that aren’t too short–and most importantly–I need shorts that are lined yet comfortable at the same time. (V important while at a workout class doing things such as sit ups, if you know what I mean.)  Anyway–when lululemon asked if we wanted to partner again to test out some items from their running collection–I, of course, said yes! ??Here are my favorites/honest thoughts.    For those looking for a longer running short that is more form fitting. I honestly think these are my favorite! The waistband is super soft (like the waistband on their pants!) and the shorts are a little bit more snug while still letting you move and breathe! You can barely tell you have anything on! They have secret pockets in the front to stash your house key, chapstick, etc, and a zipper pocket in the back, too!  They come in lot’s of colors too! Sizing: Go up a size. I’m wearing a size 4.    This top is GENIUS. Someone DMed me right after I posted a sneak peak of what I was shooting on Instagram stories and goes, “This is my favorite shirt ever and I just bought three more colors in it before you post it and sell it out ?” It’s WONDERFUL. If you’re the kind of person who likes the coverage of long sleeves during a workout but doesn’t want to be hot–this is the perfect solution.  It’s made with the same magical fabric as the Swiftly Tech shirts are (called SILVERESCENT® TECHNOLOGY if you want to get really technical). It inhibits bacteria growth and completely eliminates any smell of sweat, so you can go out to brunch afterwords and not feel self conscious. I also love that the waistband at the bottom prevents it from riding up while you’re running!  Just throw this pullover on over your favorite tank or sports bra! Comes in lot’s of colors, I ordered a size 6. (Their tops run REALLY small, FYI! Size up 2-3 whole sizes! I’m wearing a 6.)       For those who want a little more room to move–these shorts are loose but still adorable. They also have a super soft lining. Come in lot’s of colors too! They have reflective details to keep you safe in low light, and a secret pocket to stash your essentials! Sizing: Go up a size. I’m wearing a size 4.       The shirts I can’t stop raving about (you saw my review of them here)–I have this tank in other colors but ordered it in grey! (I have the long sleeve version too!) It’s very thin and breathable (it actually has ventilation built into heavy-sweat areas) and it has no seams, so it’s chafe-free. (Obviously key for my runners!)  The best part, by far though–is that, again, it’s made with a special fabric that inhibits the growth of odor-causing bacteria on the garment–so, you know what that means… Sizing: Runs small. The tank I’m wearing here is a size 6–I got a size 4 last time and it was pretty snug, so I went with a 6 this time just to have some variety.       These tights come in a few variations–reflective and non-reflective, and a 25″, 28″ and 31″ length–as well as tons of different colors, so you can customize based on what you’re looking for! I love these running tights–they’re supportive but not too constricting, they move incredibly and feel like butter–like you’re wearing nothing! They’re made with their Nulux fabric–which is really light, sweat-wicking and quick-drying. They’re high-rise (so they suck you in!) and one of my favorite features is how many pockets they have–perfect for stashing your phone while you’re running!  Sizing: They run small, I’m pretty much always a 4 across the board in lulu bottoms. (I’m usually a 0 or 2 in other sizes).  Shop this post:
 Huge thanks to Lululemon, one of my favorite workout brands, for sponsoring this post and allowing me to take these bestsellers for a test drive! All opinions are 110% my own!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Blouses, Tan Coats, Orange Dresses, Black Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 22, 2019     When in doubt, you can also always go for a classic Little Black Dress–they are always suitable for pretty much every occasion–whether it’s black tie or cocktail. Lord + Taylor even has their own LBD section right here!   One thing to note is that if the wedding is during the day, you can get away with dressing a little less formal than if it were at night. Also consider the setting–while a a barn, backyard, garden, glitzy hotel and country club might all be “cocktail” attire, for example, you can easily feel great wearing a more casual floral sundress to one, whereas you’ll probably feel underdressed wearing that to a fancy hotel. Also, if the wedding is outdoors at night, it’s always a good idea to bring a wrap like this one just in case it gets chilly!  Purse:  I absolutely ADORE this little pearl clutch–it’s the perfect size (you don’t need very much stuff with you for a wedding!) It fits a couple lipsticks and your phone, and also has a little gold chain if you want to carry it as a cross-body. I think it’s so different and beautiful! Plus, it goes with everything!  You will rarely see me at a wedding not wearing a pair of nude colored heeled sandals–9 times out of 10, they’re the most ideal choice! Invest in one good pair that you’ll wear all wedding season long for years to come. Here are my two favorite pairs: Steve Madden Carrson sandals: What I’m wearing here–these are also super comfortable (I mean, as comfortable as heels can get)–they are very similar in shape to the Yaro sandals, with a chunkier heel, making them ideal for both indoor and outdoor weddings!  The Sam Edelman Yaro sandals are awesome and get my pick for the perfect wedding shoes. They’re minimalistic (so they go with everything and let your dress do the talking) and are comfy as far as heels are concerned. I have them in cork but also want to get them in regular nude! Ah, the age old question. Can you wear flats to a wedding? Of course you can! If you’re able to, I’d personally swing for a TINY bit of a heel, just because they look so much cuter and more fitting with a formal dress than straight up flats, but if you can’t have any heel, that’s okay too!  Favorite shoe picks:     
  I think this probably stems from certain cultures where the bride wears red, OR from old-school notion that guests shouldn’t wear bright colors so as to not draw attention away from the bride. I’ve worn red to weddings before and it’s a pretty common color that you see, so I would say unless you are attending a wedding where the bride will likely wear red, I wouldn’t worry about it! The only color you need to worry about is white–NEVER wear white–that’s just for the bride! A mid-length cocktail dress, like the one I’m wearing above! That, or any LBD–I think there wouldn’t be any instance where you would be inappropriately dressed wearing an LBD!  You definitely want something comfortable and versatile that will work for all kinds of settings. A nude sandal with a chunky heel or a wedge is definitely going to be your best bet–keep in mind, stilettos don’t work for any outdoor settings because they’ll sink in the grass or sand!  You definitely CAN wear a jumpsuit to a wedding if you’re the kind of person who loathes dresses. However, it really does need to be the RIGHT jumpsuit, otherwise you’ll look too casual and out of place. A feminine cut in drapy fabric is great. Also, black always looks more formal than any other color. You’ll definitely want to wear it with a heel to offset the fact that jumpsuits are just more casual in general–flats would look too dressed-down and can run the risk of looking frumpy. The only thing TOTALLY off the table is white. Honestly, even wearing a super pale color (very pale yellow, nearly white blush, for example) can be awkward because it certain light people will think you’re wearing white! If you’re the kind of person who might be self-conscious about that, just steer away from any color that could be interpreted as white. I would also be mindful of the setting–I’ve attended a 3pm church wedding before where girls were wearing outfits that looked more suitable for a Vegas bachelorette party–I want to drape my shawl over them like GIRL PUT SOME CLOTHES ON. ?But also, if your mom or grandmother would give you the eyebrow raise at something you’re wearing–everyone else’s mom and grandmother is going to do the same! This doesn’t mean you should choose your clothing based on other people’s opinions–but you should be respectful and aware of what is and isn’t appropriate.    SaveS Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  May 16, 2018 at 6:15 am You found so many beautiful flat or low heeled shoes. I have the hardest time finding these when I need them, I’m going to need to scoop up a pair now! I love those pearl ones, I can’t believe they are under $100. Thank you!
xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Rachel says  May 16, 2018 at 7:00 am In some cultures, the bride wears red so that may be a reason to avoid that color. 
Kelly says  May 16, 2018 at 10:39 am You just saved my life – haha. I am leaving for Canada on Monday and going to a semi-formal outdoor wedding. And I couldn’t figure out what to wear! And this post is answering all of my questions! 
Melanie says  May 16, 2018 at 12:47 pm OMG Thank you!! Just ordered the Halogen patent leather heels. I’ve been looking for shoes to wear for a June wedding I’m in – can’t believe I didn’t see these, especially for such a steal of a price. 
Mary says  May 16, 2018 at 2:37 pm This may be old school, but my mom always said print dresses are for afternoon weddings and solid colors are for evenjng weddings. I’ve followed that advice and have always felt appropriately dressed. 
Amy says  March 22, 2019 at 9:17 am Thank you so much, this is incredible!!  One other question–any tips for the rehearsal dinner? I always have no idea what to wear to these! 
Cyn says  March 22, 2019 at 9:49 am I really like the softer lip and nail color with the soft color of your dresses!
What colors are you wearing?
Thanks 
Katie says  March 22, 2019 at 10:01 am This is beautiful! I LOVE all the dresses, but especially the baby blue strapless!  I haven’t seen baby blue pictured on a woman with brown hair so I’m happy you posted this.  I have similar hair and skin tone to yours and I’m thinking of buying an Easter dress in that color, so it’s great to see how gorgeous it looks!  I’m definitely getting it! 
Kristy says  August 6, 2019 at 6:19 pm Love the dress! The blue is such a beautiful shade, and perfect for attending a wedding (it’s always tricky!). I wrote a post on my blog about wedding gifts, and wanted to pass along! Feel free to check it out here: https://www.twofunnygirls.com/blog/2019/08/06/custom-cutting-boards-the-perfect-wedding-gift/ ! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Light Blue Jeans, Mini Satchels, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, Grey Sweatpants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 21, 2016   Guys! Extra weekend post coming at you because…it’s 50% off at Ann Taylor this weekend! They have so much cute stuff right now, and almost ALL of it is 50% off. I couldn’t not share it with you! Shop my favorite picks below. (This scarf IS. EVERYTHING though, right?)




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

On another note, I just saw the first Christmas commercial of the season and that is NOT OKAY. Anddd now I’m off to clean my windows and organize the guest room before our engagement/housewarming party on Saturday night  Happy weekend! xo Red Suede Shoes Plaid scarf Cheetah mini Cozy v-neck Faux Fur Scarf Cheetah booties Cozy Turtleneck Fold Over Fringe Grey Poncho Feminine Blouse Leather gloves Chic Sleeveless Turtleneck Blush Fringe Little Red Coat Leopard Tie-Neck Top Pom Pom Beanie Feminine Blouse Fall floral Filed Under: Shop  
Jenn Lake says  October 22, 2016 at 5:39 pm That red coat is too good! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Fashion Jackets, Black Swimsuit, Wedge Pumps Shoes, Black Pump Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 13, 2014   I’m a huge proponent of a great braided up-do. It’s one of those hairstyles that you can wear to pretty much anything (The Topknot’s twisted cousin). That’s why I was so excited to hear that local Chicago salon, Sine Qua Non has launched their Style Bar, available every other Friday night in their Lakeview location. Right before you go out, you can get a braided ‘do or blowout for just $35, and a makeup touchup for $15! Seriously a dream come true for a constantly busy girl on the go. My friends Mary, Laurie, Monica and Maria and I were lucky enough to get to preview it for ourselves — and of course, we had so much fun shooting with Monika afterwords! My friend Mischa has some serious talent in the milkmaid braid category, right? Here are some fun snapshots from the shoot! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Want your own awesome braids? Be sure to head over to: Sine Qua Non Lakeview | 3417 N. Lincoln Avenue | Chicago, IL 60657 | 773.404.8789 |www.sinequanonsalons.com   Shop my Sine Qua Non look:     Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits  
Laurie says  November 30, -0001 at 12:00 am I want to go and do this again! You’re the cutest. I love how your hair turned out.  Drinks or coffee soon?! 
jess keys says  June 24, 2014 at 12:38 pm Yes! ASAP! So good seeing you at Madewell last week  
Jess Zimlich says  June 13, 2014 at 2:23 pm These snaps are so much fun and those braids are even better! My sister is a hairstylist here in Kansas City and she is supposed to teach me a few braiding tricks soon  
Maria MacNamara says  June 14, 2014 at 7:07 pm Ok, you guys look ADORABLE! Love this shoot.  (And what a fun night!) 
jess keys says  June 16, 2014 at 1:01 pm Aww thanks!! I wish you could have stayed so you were in them!! Next time  
Laurie says  June 19, 2014 at 12:54 am I want to go and do this again! You’re the cutest. I love how your hair turned out.  Drinks or coffee soon?! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Fashion Jackets, No Heel Wedges, Tan Wedges Heels, Black Heel Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 23, 2015   I can hardly contain my excitement–Kelly and I are finally unveiling our Winter Guide! It’s a concept we dreamed up months ago, and after some intensive work, I’m so excited to be able to share it with you!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

What is it exactly? Well, it’s basically an e-magazine, filled with shopping guides, gift guides, easy recipes, entertaining tips, and a whole lot more!  I’ll stop babbling, so you can see for yourself! Go ahead, dive in!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

A couple tips:   Filed Under: Holiday, Shop, The Winter e-Magazine  
Jess Zimlich says  November 24, 2015 at 7:58 am It looks SO awesome! Well done, ladies!  26 and Not Counting 
Jess says  November 25, 2015 at 9:24 am Eee thank you Jess! You’re the sweetest! 
Alicia O'Connor says  November 24, 2015 at 8:24 am Wow! Great work, Jess and Kelly!
 – Alicia, LakeshoreMag.com 
Jess says  November 25, 2015 at 9:24 am Thanks so much, Alicia! 
Erin says  November 24, 2015 at 9:12 am This was beautiful and full of so many great ideas – thank you for all the inspo!
-E @ amie-eo.blogspot.com 
Jess says  November 25, 2015 at 9:23 am Thank you Erin! So glad to hear you liked it! 
Hunter B says  November 24, 2015 at 9:21 am This is amazing!!! Congratulations!
Always, Hunter 
Jess says  November 25, 2015 at 9:23 am Thanks Hunter!! 
Sarah says  November 24, 2015 at 10:46 am Best thing you guys have done so far. I’ve really been missing Matchbook Magazine and this really hit the spot. Amazing work, ladies! 
Jess says  November 25, 2015 at 9:23 am Sarah, that is perhaps the biggest compliment you could ever give. Thank you SO MUCH! So glad to hear you like it! 
Tomi Obebe says  November 24, 2015 at 2:04 pm Incredible. I can only imagine how much work went into this! It has everything you could ever need. so THANK YOU! goodtomicha.com 
Jess says  November 25, 2015 at 9:23 am Thank you so much, Tomi!! It was definitely a lot of work but also a lot of fun  […] Jess and Kelly´s Winter Guide is amazingly detailed! They thought of everyone. I especially love the boots (and the […] […] City. Her style is to die for and she always has the most helpful blog posts. She just created a Winter Guide, that will help you get through the holidays without a hitch! Check back tomorrow for the start of […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Classic Tops, Ripped Skinny Jeans, Gold Flats, Black Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 2, 2019  Now that we’re in the true thick of summer and all of it’s hectic glory (), I find myself reaching for sneakers more and more. I love how effortless and casual summer fashion is, and when it comes to traveling, sightseeing and spending as much time as possible outside this season, sneakers just can’t be beat. More comfortable than a wedge, more supportive than a sandal and at times, edgier than a flat (when paired with the right thing!), I’m loving all of the possibilities when it comes to styling outfits with sneakers. I think we’ve allllll experienced summer fashion fails — a pair of pumps that no longer fit after your feet swell in the heat, or blisters from strappy sandals that can’t last hours in sweat and humidity. (Why are all of my examples feet-related? ) But really, there’s nothing worse than unhappy feet and we do NOT have time for that! The right shoes really are a game changer when it comes to enjoying ALL the summer activities — especially when you’re traveling! I’m so glad sneakers are on-trend and that there are endless cute options and styles right now. I’m especially partial to white sneakers (especially these Tretorns and these leather Converse–as you all know from the many, many times I feature them on the blog!) and I have multiple tried and true pairs! You know you’ve found a good pair when you pack them for every single summer trip! (Pro tip don’t forget the right socks! If you missed it, check out my post on the no-slip ankle socks I swear by!)  While I have nothing against shorts and sneakers, this post is dedicated to finding other creative ideas to wear sneakers in the summer. (Plus, many of you have specifically told me “I hate shorts! I need more summer outfit ideas!”) So below, I’ve rounded up 6 outfit ideas (without shorts!) and ways I love wearing sneakers to help get you through the rest of the season in (comfortable) style:     First up–which sneakers to choose? If you want something you can wear with pretty much ANY dress, jumpsuit, pair of shorts, jeans, etc, year round,  I recommend going with something super classic and preppy. The canvas Tretorns are my #1 pick for cute comfort (they feel like walking on pillows). They’re canvas, so yes, they do get dirty, but nothing a little oxyclean soak can’t fix. They run TTS. However, I know a lot of you guys won’t come within 10 feet of a canvas shoe, and if that’s the case, I LOVE this pair of leather converse that I got from the Nordstrom sale. They are so cute, minimalistic, and comfortable right from the get-go! Best part? They wipe clean! They’re almost sold out right now but I’m very confident they’ll restock after the sale. (I can’t find them on any other website!)  If you’re looking for an athletic-type sneaker, I LOVE Allbirds! They’re great for walking/travel and feel like sweatpants for your feet, haha! However, Allbirds are way harder to style with cute dresses (unless they’re very casual t-shirt dresses, example below) so if versatility is what you’re going for, go with the above pairs!  Now…let’s get into all the ways you can style your sneakers!   See full post here: The linen jumpsuit you need for every trip this summer Jumpsuit: Treasure & Bond–wearing XS! Also comes in plus size! It runs loose/oversized. I’m also obsessed with this Amazon jumpsuit (runs TTS, wearing Small) and Everlane’s Jumpsuits! Jean Jacket: J.Crew Sneakers: Tretorn (Run TTS!) Lipstick: Alima Pure velvet lipstick in ‘Iris’  There is no better occasion for an outfit with sneakers than a travel day! Whether you’re road tripping, taking the train or hopping on a plane (does anyone else get grossed out when you’re wearing sandals through TSA and you have to walk barefoot for a few feet?!), sneakers are always the way to go. Go full athleisure with yoga pants and a long sleeve top or dress down classic staples for an effortless travel look.   Striped tee: (old. Love this Everlane version & this Shopbop option is on sale!) Yoga pants: Zella (on sale this weekend for $38!!) (ON SALE!) Sneakers: Allbirds Tote: Lo & Sons Suitcase:  this oneDelsey–but this particular suitcase is TERRIBLE, which is so unlike Delsey because they make such good suitcases usually. It dents so much it’s laughable. We call him “Denty”–but I HIGHLY recommend, which is the same as my carry-on suitcase I’m obsessed with, just in a larger size!   Dress: Everlane (from last year, but sold out now–but here’s this year’s similar version in different colors!) Tote: tote Sneakers: Allbirds Hat: Vineyard Vines hat (but Everlane makes plain baseball hats that are super cute too if you don’t want a logo!)  I love taking a feminine piece, like a t-shirt dress, and making it sporty with sneakers and a baseball hat. It’s perfect for weekends at home — strolling through the farmers market, to coffee dates and running errands. I also love them with this jersey-knit midi dress. I can walk all over the city in this look and still feel dressed up enough for a patio happy hour!   See full post here: 7 all-purpose wardrobe staples worth investing in this spring Midi dress: Lolë (Runs a little big; I’m wearing an XS. Size down for a tighter fit) Everlane also makes a very similar one for $40! Sneakers: Tretorn (Runs TTS! Available at Nordstrom and Shopbop!)Tote/Backpack: Lolë    Dress: Everlane (Check out their new version, I’m wearing their old version!) Sneakers: Jack Purcell (they’re old and almost sold out, but I just purchased these leather converse from the Nordstrom sale and I am IN LOVE. They are selling out fast but check back often for restocks–they will also restock them after the sale is over!) Backpack: (Madewell, love this canvas one too) I love this version & this version) Hat:(old from Nordstrom; love this option that’s on sale!) I think this is my ultimate summer-vacation exploring outfit! You can leave the house all day and feel confident that you can handle anything the day throughs at you. I loved wearing dresses with sneakers all over Italy and a boater hat or straw fedora just adds the perfect touch to look pulled together even after logging miles in the summer heat. A fun bag (or backpack) really elevates a look with sneakers, too.    See full post here: How to style a little red dress 3 ways for summer  Dress: B.P. Nordstrom (Runs TTS) Shoes: Tretorn (Runs TTS! Available at Nordstrom and Shopbop!) Belt bag: Madewell (Runs TTS) Sunnies: Ray Ban 53mm Round Sunnies   I love the juxtaposition of pairing sneakers with a miniskirt or dress — it’s so unexpected! I think the key here is all in the accessories, like a fun hair scarf, textured bag or colorful sunglasses. This would be great for an outdoor concert or movie on the lawn.   See full post here: The cutest denim jumper you’ll wear all summer  Dress: BB Dakota c/o Shopbop (Runs big, wearing a zero) Sneakers: Tretorn (Runs TTS! Available at Nordstrom and Shopbop!) Purse: Amazon (under $20!) Sunnies: Ray Ban 53mm Round Sunnies    See full post here: How to wear a bodysuit this summer  Bodysuit: Free People (Available at Nordstrom, Shopbop, and Revolve. Also available in long sleeve!) White jean skirt: (old, but I love this Shopbop option and this longer one from Madewell — on sale!). Sneakers: Tretorn (Runs TTS! Available at Nordstrom and Shopbop!) Belt bag: Madewell (Runs TTS) Hair scarf: Mango    See full post here: How to wear a dress with kicks Dress: Madewell (old Sneakers:Tretorn (Runs TTS! Available at Nordstrom and Shopbop!) Purse: Amazon White Denim Jacket: (old, love this Everlane version and this on from Free People).      Dress: Nordstrom (Sold out; but Reformation makes a very similar one! Also love this pink polka dot version and this Nordstrom one comes in two colors.) Shoes: Tretorn (Runs TTS! Available at Nordstrom and Shopbop!) Bag: Treasure and Bond Jean Jacket: J.Crew (Runs TTS- wearing a size S)    White sneakers and a denim jacket are staples in every suitcase I pack. (I mean there are very few places where I wouldn’t want to wear a denim jacket and white sneakers ) They just work with everything and are trusty classics for most occasions — from brunch and sightseeing to museums and concerts.     See full post here: The best linen cropped pants from the feel-good brand you need to know about!  Pants: Treasure and Bond c/o Nordstrom (Run TTS, wearing size 0) Shirt: Treasure and Bond c/o Nordstrom–(Sold out in straight size but still available in plus! This long sleeve version is nearly identical and fully stocked in straight sizes. Everlane also makes a very similar cotton version!), Sunnies: Ray Ban, Sneakers: Tretorn, c/o (Run TTS!)    Lastly, I love how chic and sophisticated white sneakers look with an all-white or mostly white look. It makes an outfit exude summer  — simple, easy and breezy! Pair them with your favorite linen button down or even a lace or eyelet dress for a timeless, monochromatic look.   See full post here: One little white dress, two ways, for any occasion! Dress: (old — adore this one and this one from Shopbop (both on SALE!) and this one and this one from Amazon!  Sneakers:Jack Purcell (they’re old and almost sold out, but I just purchased these leather converse from the Nordstrom sale and I am IN LOVE. They are selling out fast but check back often for restocks–they will also restock them after the sale is over!) Raffia Tote: Nordstrom (the best beach bag! It’s packable too!) Sunnies: old, similar version here.    Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Blue Blouses Tops, White Blouses And Tops, Printed Pants, White Lace Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 18, 2016     Sweater: c/o SheInside (I’m wearing a size small. It also comes in a similar dress version!)// Jeans: Henry & Belle (budget friendly version here) // Lips: Givenchy Rouge Interdit Satin Lipstick in Rich Mohogany // Wrap bracelet: Barney’s // Link bracelet: J.Crew // Bag: Lo & Sons // Boots: Pour la Victoire (old) but similar patent leather chelsea boots here 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Happy Thursday from Milwaukee! Hope your short week is going great! As much as I love long weekends, it always feels like I’m playing way too much catch-up! Neal had meetings up here this week, so I tagged along seeing as Milwaukee is one of my favorite cities. (Recco’s on where to go below!) So while I can barely wrap my head around which day it is, at least being in a new city is a breath of fresh air!  Remember last week when I told you we went to South Loop Loft? We snapped these photos outside in front of their cheeky hot pink stoop. (I actually want to live in a loft with a hot pink door–too much to ask? Neal–What are your thoughts?)  I wore my favorite new sweater for the occasion–I can’t tell you how many compliments I’ve received on it, and it’s much more affordable than its expensive counterparts! (It’s only $29.99!) This was my first time ordering anything from SheInside and I had a really great experience. Despite being so budget-friendly, the sweater is great quality, and shipping was pretty fast! I love that it’s so feminine and comfortable. It feels like a sweatshirt, but is nice enough to wear out to dinner! (I’ve already worn it to my friend’s baby shower and to Neal’s birthday dinner last night!) I also like their adorable similar dress version! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I typically pair it with my go-to skinnies and high heeled booties for night, and flat chelsea booties during the day. It makes enough of a statement on it’s own, so I held off on the necklace and went with my favorite link bracelet and wrap bracelet.  The past couple days I’ve been bopping around different coffee shops to get some work done and meeting up with Neal at the end of the day to check out different bars and restaurants. I’ve spent a lot of time here over the years because one of my old roommates/best friends, Kate, is from here! Her parents are basically my adopted Midwestern parents, and they’ve showed us around just about every part of the city!  I’m hoping to eventually get around to a more in-depth guide, but here are some of my tried and true favorites: Milwaukee Public Market, Colectivo Coffee, Hudson Business Cafe (if you want to get some work done! I’m actually writing this post here, next to the fireplace!) Holler House (the best dive bar ever, with two bowling lanes in the back–it’s the oldest bowling alley in the U.S. It’s a five generation family business, with an apartment in the back), Jackson Grill (an old supper club–amazing food, the best service, and you’ll feel like you’re in another era entirely!), Safehouse (totally gimmicky, but hilarious. It’s a hidden entrance and they’ll ask for a password. Just go with it.) Doing a Lakefront Brewery tour is a must–and if you’re up for some real fun, go for their Friday night fish fry, complete with a live polka band. I actually hate seafood, but I go for the shenanigans.   Hope you have a great rest of the day! The good news: Its Thursday, but only feels like Wednesday  See you tomorrow! (And really, buy the sweater. It’s the best.)         Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Livia says  February 18, 2016 at 10:35 am You are too adorable, lady! Love your outfit, your hair, your lip color and boots! Your happiness is always so infectious! 
Jess says  February 18, 2016 at 11:07 am Thanks Livia! You’re the sweetest! 
Melanie Beatus says  February 18, 2016 at 11:01 am Very cute outfit! What size are you wearing in the sweater? 
Jess says  February 18, 2016 at 11:07 am Hi Melanie! Great question, I’m wearing a small! It’s oversized, but if you stick with your regular size, you’ll be great! If you want it slightly tighter than you see here, order a size down. Hope this helps  xo 
Melanie Beatus says  February 18, 2016 at 11:13 am Thank you! This is super helpful. I’m always unsure with more “random” brands. 
Maggie says  February 18, 2016 at 3:34 pm So cute Jess! I haven’t heard of SheInside before! I will have to check it out.
-Maggie   http://www.thatgirlmags.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Black Cropped Pants, Pink Flats, Embroidered and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 14, 2018  Hi guys! Happy Tuesday! I’m still recovering from my friend Kate’s bachelorette party over here ? you know some Mondays where you try your hardest and barely accomplish anything? Yeah…that’s how my week started. Oh well, haha! Today I’m sharing some favorite late summer/early fall buys that are on my radar! Each of these are perfect to start wearing for late summer when nights tend to start getting cooler, and well into fall and winter! (We don’t talk about the W word yet though. It’s only August!!) I’ve gotten a lot of request for reccos in a  few of these categories, so hopefully you love them as much as I do! Similar to the above, I think every grown women needs a chic sweatshirt that they can wear when they want to be comfortable yet still look very presentable. Perfect for wearing to yoga, errands, on the weekends heading to the grocery store–whereever. As the temperatures get chillier at night, it looks cute with cropped jeans for a casual dinner, too! It’s made by Beyond Yoga (shop more BY stuff here!) which is an amazing brand for comfy athleisure staples! In the heat of the summer, I live in breezy dresses, but as temps start to cool down at night, I love a good leather or suede mini skirt for a night out. I love that this version comes in black as well as a beautiful camel brown leather. It’s not too tight or too short–it’s super chic, classic, with a teensie bit of edge. (Remember the Juxtaposition rule? Pieces like this are great paired with contrasting feminine or even preppy pieces!) This version is the Cupcakes and Cashmere brand, which I really love–you can shop more of her pieces on Shopbop! (Sizing tends to run big, so size down!) This is so incredibly odd. I have SO many pairs of cute pajamas (shop them in this post!) but I don’t own any “loungewear.” I got rid of all of my oversized sweatpants, etc from college because I don’t want any extra items in my wardrobe that don’t make me feel put together–and I never replaced them! Sometimes it feels weird to put on pajamas at like 2pm when I just want to be comfortable. So my goal this season is to invest in a few really nice pieces of “loungewear.” These pants are made by Eberjey which makes the SOFTEST stuff around, so I’m adding these to my cart! (They also come with a matching comfy top!) I got a pair of super dainty gold hoops from Vo Jewelry that I love (she’s a local Chicago designer!) but then I saw these dainty Geometric hoops on Shopbop and loved them as well–they’re a little bit something different and they’re going to transition really well into fall and look adorable with sweaters and long sleeves as well! They’re made by Baublebar which is one of my favorite brands for jewelry–you can find more Baublebar at Shopbop and Nordstrom as well as directly on their site! This is one of my FAVORITE colors for fall and always has been–I love the sweetness of this midi–it’s a modest length but the neckline has enough plunge (kind of a baby plunge) to offset it so it doesn’t end up looking frumpy. This would be a PERFECT dress for travel because of the length–you don’t have to worry about it blowing up in the wind AND it looks just as cute with sneakers as it does with heels, so you can easily transition it from day to night! (Would’ve definitely brought this to Italy with me!) It’s made by a brand called Re:Named which is a label I discovered through Shopbop (I love the brands they carry!) They make some really cute feminine pieces! Speaking of versatile dresses, I am loving dark florals because you can truly wear them all year round. I’m so happy florals aren’t just for warm seasons anymore! This dress would be great for everything from work to brunch to date night with just a change of shoes! You can see how I style a floral midi several ways in this post! The brand who makes this dress is BB Dakota, which is one of my favorite brands they sell at both Shopbop and Nordstrom! A lot of you guys have told me you’re on the hunt for a great blazer you can style lot’s of ways, and this one is definitely it! I absolutely love the gold button detail which makes it a little more special than a standard blazer. It’ll look so cute for the office with a pair of trousers but also for the weekend thrown over a t-shirt and jeans! The brand who makes this blazer is called Lioness which is a brand I stumbled upon at Shopbop and fell in love with! They have some really cute well priced items! I am LOVING Rebecca Minkoff right now. She makes the best bags and this beautiful pine green cross-body is on sale. I love that dark green is another option for a neutral that isn’t black or brown. This color pretty much goes with everything you pair it with and is something that’s just a “little different.” The size is also perfect if you’re someone who wants to carry all the essentials but doesn’t like hauling around a whole big bag! My favorite type of heel to wear this time of year is a simple block-heeled sandal in a fall-ish color. Luckily for us we still have a couple more months of nice weather, even though the air seems to shift and start to feel more “fall”–so these sandals are a perfect in-between. I absolutely LOVE Sam Edelman’s Yaro sandals. I think they are the #1 most comfortable heel out there. They make a lot of great heels though–Shopbop and Nordstrom both have great Sam Edelman selections! Last but not least, every girl needs a pair of leopard shoes or two! They are such an easy way to spice up a basic outfit and slides are a great, comfy alternative to sneakers and ballet flats! The slightly pointed toes on these makes them look more polished and chic. They’re made by another one of my favorite shoe brands, Dolce Vita! Now is the time everyone starts looking for their new favorite booties! I love this pair from Sarto and this pair from Sam Edelman! They both come in a really pretty greyish taupe that goes with literally everything, and both have a shorter block heel that makes them easy to dress up and down! Skinny jeans are definitely becoming less of a thing and I personally am embracing it! I love the almost vintage-esque feel that classic straight leg cropped blue jeans bring into the mix, and they’re also super flattering too! Levi’s make my favorite pairs–the 501 and Wedgie!  Filed Under: Style  
Krissy says  August 21, 2019 at 6:30 pm Your style is so classy and chic.   I own many similar pieces and it is great to see the fresh way you put them together .  I am seeing your blog for the first time today and I look forward to seeing more of your fashion ideas.  I am a middle-age  mom and and youngish  “Mimi “  Who works as a singer/ soloist   and music director.   I need to have a classic look with just the right amount panache for performing . I love fashion and enjoy putting together my outfits for work and play.  Late summer and early fall is one of my favorite times of year ! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Booties Shoes, Blue Shoes Flats, Casual White Maxi Dresses, High Rise Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 14, 2016   Disclaimer: This post was sponsored by Soma, a brand I already wear and love. All opinions are 100% my own. Thank you for supporting the brands that help keep GG up and running!   




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Come out come out, wherever you are! Calling all comfortable, supportive, and pretty everyday bras! Are you out there?  Anywhere?  Hello?  This is how I’ve felt pretty much the majority of my adult life. I always just chalked it up as part of being a woman. The search for the perfect everyday bra has been an age old journey. Honestly, until recently, I had been wearing the same two everyday bras I bought in college simply because nothing else I ever tried on worked.  (DID I REALLY JUST BROADCAST THAT ON THE INTERNET?) I felt like goldilocks. This bra was too tight, that one rode up in the back. There were those with too much padding, and others which had no padding, but not enough support. Not to give you too vivid of a picture–but I felt like I was in this weird, forgotten about in between place, and no bras seemed to fit me. Nothing was “just right.”  I was constantly wondering to myself, “WHERE on earth were all the supportive, non-padded, comfortable bra’s that didn’t look like they were made for Great Grandma?!”  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Fast forward several years into my “well fitting bra” search, when I happened to make a new friend at an event I attended–she worked for a brand called Soma. We were chatting about work, travel, making small talk, and so on–and I admitted to the fact that I really knew very little about the brand. She started raving about their bras and underwear, and how they were different than what you’d find anywhere else. (Was this finally the answer to my prayers?) “Sure–she works there. Of course she’s passionate about the Soma brand,” I thought. For me though? I wasn’t going to hold my breath. Then she sent me a package so I could try some products out for myself. Needless to say, I was finally able to throw out those old standby bras! Comfortable, practical, and pretty–this brand is the real deal, you guys.  While I now have a few bras of theirs that I like, their new Enticing Lift Unlined Full Coverage Bra is the ideal combination of all of the above–comfortable, pretty, supportive, with no extra bulk. For those who have trouble finding the perfect balance of all of these qualities, the answer could lie right here!  This full-coverage bra provides the lift of a push-up, without any padding. The straps are slightly wider than most, to provide added support. The lace makes it ultra pretty and feminine, but it’s flat–so it’s undetectable under even the thinnest t-shirt. Plus, the bra comes in several pretty colors, like the coral you see here, plus nude and black, if that’s more your style. (Sizing tip: It does run large, so you may need to size down! They currently offer free shipping + returns, so I would order a few sizes to give you some room to try on and keep what fits best! Or you could go into a local boutique for a fitting.)  I also love the undies that match the bra (they come in bikini, boy short, and thong varieties!) I love that they’re just as comfortable as cotton, but the lace is so much prettier, don’t you think? These are also my favorite to sleep in! (P.S. right now, you can also get a pair free with a full price bra purchase! What’s better than free undies?)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

So–will this bra finally be the answer to your prayers? You’ll have to try it for yourself!         Filed Under: Personal notes, Style  
Jenn Lake says  March 14, 2016 at 8:28 am Yes! I always struggle to find good ones! Thanks for the sizing tips and details. I need to check this out! 
Kelly in the City says  March 14, 2016 at 11:01 am Me too! Always a struggle. Thanks for such a great review, Jess! I always learn so much on your site.  Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Stacy says  March 14, 2016 at 6:20 pm YES! Why does support and not wanting a “push-up” bra automatically mean frumpy-dumpy!? Will definitely be checking Soma out! 
Emily says  March 15, 2016 at 10:30 am The struggle is so real! Definitely going to look into this brand – sounds like a perfect fit. No pun intended.  
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  March 15, 2016 at 7:51 pm Such a struggle for me especially for work days under scrubs – looking into these now!  Shaheen | Lows to Luxe 
Maya McDonald says  March 15, 2016 at 8:19 pm The struggle is SO real! These are so cute! 
Kit Graham says  March 17, 2016 at 4:25 pm I love the color and style! I have recently tried to be a “grown up” and buy nicer under garments in matching colors. Thanks for the recommendation! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Fashion Jewelry, Designer Gowns On Sale, Black Lace Bralettes, Trendy Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 26, 2015   YOU GUYS.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I finally made it home to Chicago! It was so good spending 10 days with my family in Oregon, but there is nothing like the feeling of walking into your own apartment after a long trip.(Especially when there is a SHINY NEW BEACH CRUISER BIKE WITH A BIG RED BOW ON IT waiting for you!) Neal surprised me the cutest beach cruiser for Christmas. I am such a lucky girl! (Get excited for bicycle photo shoots in the near future.)  Anyway, there are some amazing post-Christmas sales going on right now that are too good to pass up! If you’ve got some Christmas money to burn, these sales are a great way to get some bang for your buck  Happy shopping!        



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
               Filed Under: Holiday, Shop  
Katie (Style on Target) says  December 28, 2015 at 3:14 pm Ooooooo! As a bike loving gal, I want to see bicycle shots right now!  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Sandals, Grey Coats, Black Leggings, Modest Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 14, 2014   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I’m just going to come out and say it: sometimes I’m a serial outfit repeater. It’s important to me to always be real in my own little space on the internet. So, when I feel like wearing the same dress in multiple outfit shoots, I do it! When I find something I like, I wear it very often and in multiple different ways, so why shouldn’t that be the case here on the blog? Remember this dress? You saw it here a little while ago.  There’s nothing I love more than a versatile dress you can wear in just about any situation, and this, my friend, is it. (Case in point, I can’t stop wearing it.) What I love even more, is the high that can only come from perusing the sale rack at Zara and finding said dress, all alone, hanging in the corner, the only one left (and in my size, which actually never happens) just waiting for me to find her.  My closet happens to already be riddled with stripes. But I needed this dress for so many reasons.  All my other striped items are cotton and too casual to dress up. They’re too thin to bear the long Chicago winter. Plus, stripes are always my go-to when I’m in a pattern-mixing mood. They provide enough contrast to avoid looking too busy when paired with other patterns, and look really sharp and classic all on their own. This dress is sturdy, and just as fabulous over long sleeves (especially this cute turtleneck) as it is on its own for a more formal occasion. It’s the essential layering dress.  Oh, right. And it has pockets. (Trigger word.)  So you can see why I needed it, right?  One of my favorite ways to to keep it polished and casual is with these cut out flats from ShoeDazzle, cozy knee socks, a couple sparkly bracelets from my favorite local boutique, Vintage Charm, and of course, the essential layering turtleneck from J.Crew (which is 25% off right now!)  It feels very “me”. Which is probably why it’s constantly on repeat…            Shop “Layers & Stripes”   Brought to you by The New 2015 Dodge Charger, celebrating 100 years of authentic style. Want more street style? See more on StyleList.com.  Compensation for this post was provided by THE NEW 2015 DODGE CHARGER via AOL Media. The opinions expressed herein are those of the author and are not indicative of the opinions or positions of THE NEW 2015 DODGE CHARGER or AOL. Filed Under: Style  
JOANN MIKHAIL says  November 14, 2014 at 7:08 pm I love how you layered the turtleneck and the striped dress together. It’s the perfect combo! xoxo, Joann http://www.dashofjofashann.com 
Rachel Lynne says  November 17, 2014 at 4:52 pm Cute! What an adorable dress and layering combo! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Jumpsuits, Shoes Wedges, Red Flats, Silver Sandal Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 8, 2018   Shirt dress: Madewell (supposed to be oversized so runs large! I’m wearing an XS but probably could’ve gone smaller!) I also love this chambray ruffled dress that is also super versatile for any kind of warmer weather (and even for fall, too, with boots!) Shoes: Everlane (go 1/2 size up! They just released SO many cute colors, too!) Would also look so cute with Soludos espadrilles or flats this summer! Chambray Button Down: J.Crew (runs TTS, but does run a little short–which is great if you always tuck in your shirts but if you prefer your shirts to be longer, Madewell makes a really similar one in a boyfriend cut!) Tote: Madewell Transport Tote (available at Nordstrom), Sunnies: Ray Ban (shop more Ray Bans here on Shopbop!) Lipstick: RMS beauty’s “RMS red” Hair & Makeup: See my everyday makeup tutorial here and my everyday hair tutorial here! Hi guys! I’m back in Chicago after my whirlwind trip–I’ve bounced between three different states over the last three days, haha, but it’s been worth it! I slept in late and took a slow day yesterday to catch up on sleep and run a bunch of errands to get organized post-travel craziness–it was much needed! Because of the impending storm in NYC that hit on Wednesday AM, I changed my flight to get out early on Tuesday night and thankfully got home with no issues before the crazy weather started! I actually wouldn’t have even known about the storm that was coming if a few amazing readers hadn’t messaged me on Instagram and warned me to try and change my flight! I was so tired on Monday night that weather was the furthest thing on my mind–but how NICE are you guys for thinking of me!? Luckily American was allowing people to switch their tickets free of charge and because I jumped on it early, I was able to snag the last flight out on Tuesday night after my shoot! Basically, I have the best online family ever and I am SO, SO lucky!! I love you guys! Anywayyy. I’m sharing my last shoot from our Dallas trip a couple weeks back and this is one of my favorite outfits ever! When I saw this dress (15% off and free shipping right now! See Madewell.com for details–the offer is site-wide!) I knew it was going to be perfect for spring and summer, especially for travel because it’s super lightweight, breezy and looks just as cute with flat sandals or sneakers as it does with a pair of heels. (Yes, it does wrinkle in your suitcase, but I don’t go anywhere without my mini steamer and it de-wrinkles in about 30 seconds flat with that guy!) Shop more versatile spring dresses: I was running to a meeting right after we shot this, and it was perfect for the occasion paired with my Everlane Day Heels, which added a pop of color, and I love the shape of the shoes, with their slightly squared toes and chunky midi heel–they’re modern, yet sophisticated and polished, and super comfy. I’ve walked in them for miles at a time! They just came out with a bunch of new colors and I want ALL of them! Shop more Everlane Day Heels:  To make this jacket more casual and add another layer of visual interest, I like the option of tying my favorite chambray shirt around my waist–which also can be worn as a light jacket for an added layer of warmth if it’s chilly! Other ways to style this dress: With a pair of espadrille wedges (I just got these Soludos and I’m in love) and a leather jacket–classic brown is always a great option, or play around with something lighter for spring, like this BB Dakota leather jacket (I have it in “parchment” but also love it in “bone”) or this Halogen faux leather jacket in a pretty light tan. It would also look adorable with these Steve Madden heeled sandals (I have them in a dusty blue suede, which I can’t find this season, but they come in every color! I love their nude suede and lavender suede! They’re surprisingly comfy for high heels!)       Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Olivia - Baubles to Bubbles says  March 8, 2018 at 7:49 am This dress looks so chic and effortless on you, Jess! I literally had a nightmare last night that I was trapped at the airport during a snowstorm so that’s so nice you were able to get out! Baubles to Bubbles 
Allie says  March 8, 2018 at 9:56 am What a perfect spring outfit! I love the pop of color with the red! xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Bright December says  March 9, 2018 at 12:29 pm Love the dress! https://brightdecember.blogspot.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Bodysuits, Black Pumps Shoes, Blouses On Sale, Red Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 19, 2016  So, if you’re like me, you leave your Christmas shopping until the last minute. I can’t take full blame for it, it runs in my family. My family, who spends all day Christmas Eve checking off shopping lists and fails to order anything online because they can’t even make Amazon’s shipping deadlines. Luckily, I’ve evolved, and at least I’m not THAT bad. Know who else is evolved? Online retailers, who now go above and beyond to get your favorite items there on time. While you may have thought you were too late to buy your gifts online these days, you aren’t. (YAY! Because who wants to go out shopping in THIS weather?) Here are some of my favorite gifts for both guys and gals, moms and dads, sisters and brothers, and your favorite friends–all at affordable price points, with free shipping that’ll get it to your door before Christmas Eve. (Yesssss.) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 In other news, Neal and I made it to Portland! We’re staying at the AceHotel and I can’t wait to go out and explore the city today. I have my wedding hair and makeup trial later today, and we also have a taco tasting lined up at Tamale Boy. (The current plan for our reception dinner is a taco bar. Would you expect anything less?)   Filed Under: Holiday, Shop, Style  
Britney says  December 19, 2016 at 7:36 am Love the cozy throw blanket and those wood serving boards would make a fun gift! Great picks! 
Rachel Spross says  December 19, 2016 at 9:41 am Great picks! Love the boots! Definitely the perfect gift idea. Merry Christmas! -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/his-hers-christmas-sweaters/ 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  December 19, 2016 at 11:09 am the pom throw is super cute, but I’m happy to say I’m actually done with shopping!! Hope you’re having fun in Oregon! 
Devon says  December 19, 2016 at 2:04 pm Such good picks- that silk pillowcase is totally on my wish list! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Off White Pumps, Platform Black Heels, Grey Leggings, Leather Watches and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 22, 2017   Latest favorite: This sweet little sundress, only $65! See more details below!  Good morning and happy Monday! Well, this morning’s post is getting up a bit late. In a perfect world, I try to schedule my posts ahead of time so I’m not scrambling around at 6am–HOWEVER–you know, life gets in the way and I said to myself, “Oh, I’ll just get up early on Monday and wrap up my post then!” Haaaa. Well, I slept in about an hour past my alarm, and then had the unfortunate situation occur where I got distracted by a pseudo broken part of my shoe that I decided to superglue back together–accidentally gluing two of my left fingers together in the process. I then became distracted by trying to spray my fingers with PAM (vegetable oil is apparently rumored to help remove superglue, in case you ever find yourself in this predicament. Not that you probably ever will) and now here we are. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Essentially, this is starting out as a very quintessentially “Jess” Monday. WHEW! Anyway! I wanted to share some really cute finds with you today–many of which haven’t made their way to the blog yet, but are coming soon! Scroll below for my favorites. GUYS. This weekend I pulled the trigger on Levi’s Wedgie Jeans!! I’m SO excited. I love their vintage look and feel and the best benefit–they make your butt look SO good! They run true to size but don’t have any give so if in doubt, size up! $88 How adorable is this blue lace midi? It would be great for a summer wedding with a pair of nice heels, or you could even wear them with leather slides like the ones below for a casual dinner date! $138 These woven sandals! Ahhh. Can’t stand their cuteness! Such a different take on a neutral! $158 I recently ordered this adorable little sundress. I love the dainty feminine flower print and it looks so cute with a jean jacket thrown over it! $65 This floppy hat is a beach essential–it’s so classy looking and is only $25!  This peplum tee comes in tons of colors (clearly I’m partial to stripes though :-P) and is a fun twist on a regular old t-shirt! $39 I’ve been searching for a pair of sneakers that aren’t black. (Weirdly, I only own black athletic sneakers) and I want something that’s comfy and cute to wear to and from yoga, on walks around the neighborhood, etc. Can you believe TOM’S makes these!? And aren’t they so adorable!? I think I might need to pull the trigger! $78 The prettiest pattern for a summer scarf! My most recent handbag wardrobe addition–I love the gold ring + tassel detail on this bag, and it’s under $50!  Okay this isn’t a NEW find but it’s NEWLY re-stocked! This is the sleeveless version of my favorite t-shirt dress. I love it because it’s so comfy and easy to dress up or down! $56 My new day mascara! I love this one equally as much as the Dior mascara, but I like that the formula is a little less thick but still makes your lashes look 100 miles long! Classic, versatile slides that go with literally everything for summer! I love their minimalistic look and they come in several colors! Plus, they’re only $49! BAH. More stripes. But really, how cute is the blue with the contrasting pink color!? For $26 I’ll take one please and thanks! Filed Under: Style  
Catherine Marilyn Barcheski says  May 22, 2017 at 2:41 pm Jess you are so cute! I love your blog. Always find myself coming back to read more (: 
Diana Pearl says  May 22, 2017 at 10:32 pm The perfect slides and I just sent the blue midi to my friend who is looking for a summer wedding outfit! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Marissa says  May 23, 2017 at 1:24 pm Doesn’t the warmer weather in Chicago just make you want to shop? If you are still looking for cute and functional tennis shoes (great for running) APL’s are my new favorite. https://www.athleticpropulsionlabs.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Lace Dresses, Long Dresses, White Sheath Dresses, Tunic Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 7, 2015   Shop the collage:    Guys!  I’ve got a special bonus post for you today. Since there’s a major J.Crew sale for ONE DAY ONLY (YEEP!) I pulled together a quick gift guide with some of my favorites for guys and gals! Whatever your budget, whoever you’re shopping for, you can definitely find something for half off at J.Crew today! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Happy shopping   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 Shop the collage:    Filed Under: Holiday, Shop, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  December 7, 2015 at 9:31 pm Great picks! Her Heartland Soul http://herheartlandsoul.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Long Sleeve Maxi Dresses, Red Rompers, Ivory Wedding Dresses, Formal Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 20, 2015   Cashmere sweater, coat, and boots c/o Ann Taylor // Jeans: Henry & Belle // Bag: Vera Bradley // Belt: Tommy Bahama (old–similar) // Necklace: C. Wonder, borrowed from Kelly (old–similar here and nearly identical here.) Bracelets: Kendra Scott and J.Crew  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 So, yesterday was cold guys. And winnnnnnddd-dy! It was the first day of the year that truly felt like winter. And as sad as it is that winter is rapidly approaching,  it was actually the perfect day to shoot this cozy outfit from Ann Taylor–warm cashmere, a pretty wool coat, and leather booties!  I’m starting to get really excited for the holidays. For one, Neal and I are planning to get our VERY FIRST Christmas tree. A REAL ONE! I’ve never had a real tree of my own before, so as you can imagine, this is certainly an adulthood milestone to be celebrated! Our first Christmas living together, and a real Christmas tree! A Christmas tree of our own also requires us to buy, you know, all of the ornaments, and all of the Christmas lights. This will be VERY FUN.  I’m so excited. Yes, I know this is still weeks away, but I can get excited early, right?  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

The real reason I’m in the Christmas spirit so early this year is because Kelly and I have been working on something really awesome behind the scenes that we’ll be revealing on (fingers crossed, if all goes well) Monday! So make sure to check back then   In other news, circling back around here–Ann Taylor has some pretty great cashmere. This sounds a bit random, but I’ve been wanting a classic, crew neck navy cashmere sweater for awhile now. Why didn’t I already have one? I’m not sure. There are a lot of random holes in my closet that I’d really like to fill this year, and this was one of them! I absolutely love this beautiful sweater. It’s soft, super warm, and is the most gorgeous, rich, dark navy hue. It makes me feel part like my mother and part Jackie Kennedy in the best way possible.  And then there is the camel wool coat–another “hole” in my wardrobe that it seemed I should have filled by the age of 27. A quality camel coat can now be checked off my list! I absolutely love the color, and the pop of orangey-red when you pop the collar and roll up the sleeves!  Finally–the boots! (The boooots.) I love these boots and have worn them nonstop since I got them. They make everything look so timeless and chic, and I love the deep, reddish-brown color! (Which also makes them look more expensive than they are, don’t you think?)  Kelly also got the cutest cashmere turtleneck and wool wrap coat (sneak peak below!), so make sure to pop on over to Kelly in the City to see her outfit today!             Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kelly in the City says  November 20, 2015 at 9:46 am SO MUCH FUN!! And I love that we FINALLY have a good photo together! Also — think we need, like, five more of these cashmere sweaters, no?!   xoxo!! 
Carly says  November 20, 2015 at 9:54 am 1. Your hair is WAY TOO GOOD lately
2. Kelly’s pants…………………………….NEED.
xoxoxo
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Kit Graham says  November 20, 2015 at 10:05 am Your hair is amazing, and I am obsessed with the red cuffs on that coat! 
Lauren Nolan says  November 20, 2015 at 10:13 am GORGEOUS! These outfits are adorable! Also, I want that coat… are you wearing the petite? xoxo,
Lauren at http://www.lakeshorelady.com/ 
Jenn Lake says  November 20, 2015 at 10:15 am The cashmere looks so comfy and chic – I need both of those coats stat (especially with the snow on the way!). Perfect look, Jess and Kelly! 
euneece yambao says  November 20, 2015 at 10:20 am love everything!  euneece.com/blog
we should collab one day.  
Kristina Anderson says  November 20, 2015 at 11:18 am I know the cashmere is the focus, but I loooove those booties!! And yesterday was FREEZING, I tried to go to Old Orchard and had to wonder for the upteenth time why there are so many outdoor malls in Chicago. Today I may have thrown in the towel and pulled out my giant puffer coat  Kristina does the Internets 
Emily says  November 20, 2015 at 12:49 pm I saw this look on Instagram and immediately came over here to check out more details! Seriously, gorgeous! Isn’t That Charming. & Wandeleur 
erinmbassett says  November 20, 2015 at 1:09 pm I love this outfit! There is nothing better than cashmere. And, the pop of red at the cuff is SO my style (partly because my short arms means I roll almost all of my sleeves up to bracelet length anyways). Chic and fun and fabulous! 
Nikole says  November 20, 2015 at 3:33 pm The outfit is so cute!  The boots look super comfy and cute! 
Ruth Xu says  November 22, 2015 at 7:39 pm Absolutely love these pics! http://windittight.com/adidas/ 
Megan says  November 23, 2015 at 9:37 am You two are the cutest!! I love both of these but gosh those boots (major heart eyes happening right now) have a wondeful Monday // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Rachel says  November 23, 2015 at 3:24 pm This navy sweater is stunning! Such a beautiful shade on you! 
Ruth Xu says  November 23, 2015 at 7:13 pm Such a great post! I hope you have a lovely day. http://www.arcteryxsale.com 
Ruth Xu says  November 23, 2015 at 7:21 pm simply a delight to watch & read!http://windittight.com/alexander-mcqueen/ 
https://www.pussyspace.net says  October 22, 2019 at 6:30 pm Hi Guys!
The name of the verso says it all, Live Sex Girls CAMS.
Pussy Space is a number that does an fabulous berth at stuffing lots and lots of pussies in your separate out,
Righteous pick a look at the home base page!
As in short order as you clear out your custom inside PussySpace, you leave get off b write down at least 15 consequential pics of pussies, and this is obviously not where the horseplay stops. I centre, in place of starters, these aren’t honourable apparent pictures, these are thumbnails of a variety of videos that you may chaperon on pussy space.
Did I suggest that these videos are completely best? […] Anyway, be sure to check out the rest of Ann Taylor’s new cashmere line… and head over to Jess’s site to read her post! […] […] everything I wore in this post? It’s all 50% off! Yep, that does include this camel coat (with the cutest pop of […] […] love of the week: Dear Jess, I think this outfit is AMAZINGLY chic and perfectly classic. Love, Katie. The best part for you all (and me) is that it should be fairly easy to replicate! Basic pieces that […] […] 40% off all new styles! They have SO many great holiday party and NYE outfits! Lot’s of sequined, metallic, feminine goodness! Obsessing over these flats, these bow heels, and this fringe dress. And if you’re on the hunt for gifts, their cashmere is to die for–perfect for your sister, mom, BFF! (Or let’s be honest, yourself.) I’ve been wearing this sweater several times per week! You can see my favorite AT essentials in this post. […] Title [… ]always a huge fan of backlinking for you to web owners i like but actually don’t find quite a bit of link like from[… ]… Title [… ]Wonderful report, believed we’re able to incorporate a few unrelated info, nonetheless definitely really worth going for a research, whoa performed 1 analyze with regards to Mid Eastern side offers a lot more problerms as well [… ]…. знакомства с Украинскими девушками знакомства с Украинскими девушками zootopia 2016 zootopia 2016 film online 2016 free ua ru kz film online 2016 free ua ru kz Дивергент, глава 3: За стеной / Allegiant, Высотка / High-Rise, Дивергент, глава 3: За стеной / Allegiant, Высотка / High-Rise, лучшие фильмы 2016 2016 года список новые фильмы лучшие фильмы 2016 2016 года список новые фильмы лучшие фильмы года 2016 лучшие фильмы года 2016 jykfqy abkmvs cvjnhtnm ,tp htubcnhfwbb jykfqy abkmvs cvjnhtnm ,tp htubcnhfwbb helou zis me 2016 helou zis me online streaming porn, hot mp4 porn videos, hq porn for iphone and android latest online streaming porn, hot mp4 porn videos, hq porn for iphone and android college-xvideo-play online streaming porn, hot mp4 porn videos, hq porn for iphone and android online streaming porn, hot mp4 porn videos, hq porn for iphone and android college-xvideo-play online streaming porn, hot mp4 porn videos, hq porn for iphone and android online streaming porn, hot mp4 porn videos, hq porn for iphone and android latest sunny leone xxx video new 2015 60 woman fuk 20 age boy latest sunny leone xxx video new 2015 60 woman fuk 20 age boy latest sunny leone xxx video new 2015 60 woman fuk 20 age boy latest sunny leone xxx video new 2015 60 woman fuk 20 age boy tubepatrolporn latest sunny leone xxx video new 2015 60 woman fuk 20 age boy tubepatrolporn latest sunny leone xxx video new 2015 60 woman fuk 20 age boy drama2016 drama2016 jpmsruvideotoppornovideo jpmsruvideotoppornovideo last me video kiss me hard alliluja gidrofob gidrofob mir dikogo zapada 3 4 5 6 7 8 seria mir dikogo zapada 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 seria molodezhka4seria molodezhka4seria Молодежка 4 сезон 21 серия 22 серия 23 серия 24 сери… Молодежка 4 сезон 21 серия 22 серия 23 серия 24 сери… molodejka4seria25 molodejka4seria25 molodejka4seria25molodejka4seria25 lastssadsafdsa lastssadsafdsa 25 11 2016 Молодежка 4 сезон 25 серия 26 серия Молодежка 4 сезон 25 серия 26 серия liost list sites kuno dnevnikivampira8sezon8serriya8 dnevnikivampira8sezon8serriya8 moana2017 moana watch online liebelib.mobi 40plus liebelib.mobi 40plus liebelib.mobi latest liebelib.mobi latest last news 04 02 2017 last news 04 02 2017 last news 04 02 2017201702 201702201702 penetration Dildo Fuck Italian Money Double Anal Dildo Fuck Italian Money Double Anal penetration molodezhka4 25,26,27,28,29,30 31 molodezhka4 25,26,27,28,29,30 31 molodezhka4 Newest indian porn videos hd-porn Newest indian porn videos hd-porn vlyubis-v-menya-esli-osmelishsya vlyubis-v-menya-esli-osmelishsya Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Clutches, Long Black Maxi Dresses, Yellow Bikinis, White Sheath Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 28, 2016   Do you own a leather jacket?  My leather jacket is without a doubt, no-hesitation, my very favorite item of clothing–and I know it’ll forever stay that way.  It’s the perfect, non-bulky layer, but it keeps you surprisingly warm–so it’s perfect year-round. It only looks better with wear, and it goes with everything from jeans and sneakers to a slinky slip dress and heels. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 You may have heard me mention before that I got my leather jacket while studying abroad in Florence, Italy. My mom came to visit me for a week, and we had so much fun–we took a day trip into Tuscany’s wineries–explored neighboring towns, and I got to show her around to all of my favorite haunts as an exchange student.   My favorite memory of the trip was taking her to Massimo Leather–the place everyone went to get affordable leather jackets. Massimo himself (the cutest, sweetest man!) would help you pick out a leather jacket and tailor it specifically to your body–plus, he gave some pretty sweet student discounts. My mom bought me my buttery-soft brown leather jacket as a gift, and it makes me so happy each time I put it on, remembering that day!  Although I’m still kicking myself that I didn’t also pick up a black version, I guess I’ll have to leave that for when we go back one day   If you don’t have a trip to Italy in the foreseeable future (and if you do, I’m so jealous!) I rounded up a select few of my very favorite leather jackets available online–at a price that won’t make you cry! (Seriously, most of them are $299!)  Click on the images to shop my favorite affordable leather jackets below! (Many come in different colors, too!)   Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Sarah Hibschman Allen says  July 28, 2016 at 7:11 am I’m obsessed with your jacket! ? 
Alyssa says  July 28, 2016 at 8:26 am I got my leather jacket from Massimo when I was abroad in Florence, too! It’s literally my favorite EVER—definitely the one thing I’d grab in a fire. I went back with my family a few years ago and his shop was my first stop! 
Maggie says  July 28, 2016 at 12:49 pm I really love your leather jacket. I will have to keep this rec for Florence in my mind for my next visit! -Maggie   http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  July 28, 2016 at 1:09 pm so cute! I just snagged a grey one at the nordstrom sale, I can’t wait for it to come in!! 
Mary Fremeau says  July 28, 2016 at 3:59 pm I looooove your jacket! The story behind it makes it even more special. It’s definitely a jacket you’ll have for years to come. Love it!
xxoo
Mary 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  July 28, 2016 at 7:32 pm Pretty picks! 
Kristina Anderson says  July 28, 2016 at 8:04 pm Ha, when I was in Italy last summer I bought a leather jacket from Massimo too! Such a funny coincidence!  Kristina does the Internets 
Audrey Paillé says  August 2, 2016 at 2:56 pm Love the cute little scarf! What camera do you use? Great quality photos  Audrey, frenchallure.ca 
Andy Smith says  August 19, 2016 at 2:04 am Wow… Looking awesome. Thank you so much for sharing. My sister like this type of leather jackets . So last week I purchased from leather jackets from A1 FASHION GOODS
 an online site for my sister and it really helped me a lot. You may try it. 
USA Leather Jackets says  October 23, 2018 at 4:53 am This is really cool and I appreciate your efforts on fashion blogging. Visit my online store and see more 
Sarah Alfred says  February 26, 2019 at 4:44 am I am so much in love with your leather jacket. Recently I bought leather jacket from Jackets Inn. The quality of the fabric is really good. I must say there is no other better leather jacket store 
Leather Wonder says  October 22, 2019 at 3:24 am Love the cute little scarf! What camera do you use? Great quality photos. See my online store for Skull Distressed Halloween Jacket & Tony Stark Infinity War Jacket Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Swimsuit, Long Black Gowns, Printed Sweaters, Sleeveless Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 21, 2014  Back to work again! Another [long] weekend come and gone. For me, the past three days were full of excitement- including a birthday party, an engagement (SO excited for Sarah & Mike!), friends & family and even a little shopping! Definitely the recipe for the perfect long weekend if you ask me.  On Saturday afternoon, I headed over to a friend’s apartment in Lincoln Park for mimosas and coffee with my girlfriends. Unfortunately for my wallet, my friend Hadley lives remarkably close to Art Effect, one of my favorite stores in Lincoln Park. I might be jumping the gun a little here, but when I saw this cute little floral number, I knew it had to be mine. Though winter is far from over, I was in dire need of something cheery to spice up my wardrobe. Pairing it with other winter accessories (i.e. faux fur, bordeaux loafer heels) is a great way to temper the springy floral pattern for the next couple months- or at least I tell myself that.  What’s your favorite way to make your spring pieces work for Winter?  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Dress: MM Couture from Art Effect in Lincoln Park, Shoes: Aldo from Asos, Bag: Philip Lim for Target (sold out, but cuter, pricer version here), Coat: Vintage, Bracelets: My Granny’s and J.Crew             Shop Florals:  Filed Under: Style  
Hanna says  January 22, 2014 at 3:38 am Hey my name is Hanna, I really love your blog! Your outfits all ways look so good and put together, I really have been enjoying all your posts! i was hoping you could check out my blog! I am really new to blogging so any tips you could give me would be much appreciated!   Check it out http://virtuousyouth.wordpress.com 
jess keys says  January 23, 2014 at 11:32 pm Thank you, Hanna! I will definitely stop by your blog and check it out  Have a great day! 
Sarah-Louise B says  January 23, 2014 at 3:35 am Great outfit, very well put together.  I love the shoes! And your hair is lovely – you look fab  Sarah-LouiseXohttp://www.notlikethemoviesblog.com 
jess keys says  January 23, 2014 at 11:34 pm Thanks, Sarah! I was actually on the fence about the shoes when I first got them, so glad to hear you liked them!  
Madeleine says  January 23, 2014 at 5:14 pm You’re so pretty! you look like Drew Barrymore..but I think it’s mostly because you look so HAPPY. its wonderful!  
jess keys says  January 23, 2014 at 11:36 pm You are too sweet- thank you Madeleine! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And White Dresses, Classic Tops, Grey Coats, Black Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 17, 2017     Sweater: B.P. – comes in blush, black, white, dark green, grey, and an orangey burnt red! Oversized, so go down one size for a slimmer fit. Here I’m wearing a small! I also loveee this waffle version which is super similar and also insanely soft! // Shorts: c/o Topshop also available at Nordstrom // Bag: Madewell Transport Tote (the cutest striped version is part of the N Sale!) // Sunnies: Old, but similar here, here and here // Shoes: Jack Purcell (light grey version is part of the sale!) // Initial Necklace: similar here, but this version is less expensive and part of the sale, too! // Lipstick: Beautycounter lipstick in “Coral”  Happy Monday! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Did you have a good weekend? I had a very productive one! Not the most glamorous of weekends, but we cleaned and organized our whole house from top to bottom (which was SO necessary!) and even did some re-arranging of furniture, which I’m loving! (I’ll share more on insta stories!) It’s also been an insanely busy week work-wise, so I managed to knock out quite a few tasks on the to-do list, which makes me feel better going into this week! The Beautycounter order I placed last week also arrived this weekend! (If you missed it, I wrote about how and why I’m slowly transitioning to safer skincare products in this post.) The lipstick I’m wearing here is theirs in “coral”–it’s the prettiest natural hue and I absolutely love the moisturizing formula. If I had to compare it to another, I’d say it’s very similar to Clinique in that it glides on super smooth and keeps your lips super soft. I’m definitely ordering more colors! (If you have any favorites, I’d love to hear them!) I also ordered the plumping facial oil, rejuvenating eye cream (I’m already hooked!) all over SPF sunscreen –I’m LOVING them all, and will be posting full reviews soon–just wanted to give you the quick updates in the meantime! (Why did it take me so long to start using this stuff?!) Anyway, this Friday we’re heading up to Milwaukee for my bachelorette party! I CANNOT believe it’s actually here. Time is flying! We also finally ordered our invitations (I’m the worst bride ever, that should’ve been done by now. Eeeek) I picked up this sweater, along with some other awesome pieces you see here at the end of last week–I can’t wait to share them with you! One of my favorites is this super soft comfy v-neck pullover. Right now it’s marked down to $24 and it comes in lot’s of colors, too! I’m sharing my favorite way to style it now (for those cooler summer nights and mornings), and later (when temperatures drop more permanently!)    I knew the minute I grabbed this sweater off the rack that it needed to come home with me–it feels like butter on your skin it is so comfortable! (Is that a gross reference? Butter on your skin? But like..you get what I mean :-P) It’s oversized, and I’m wearing a small, but if you want it less flowy, you can size down! It also comes in black, white, dark green, grey, and an orangey burnt-red! These shorts are also new in the rotation, and they’re so comfortable! They’re the “mom” shorts from Topshop. They’re high-waisted and so cute. Topshop runs super small, so go up a size. I’m wearing a 4, and I typically wear a 2! You can also get them at Nordstrom (not part of the sale!) It’s no secret that my Jack Purcells are one of my favorite pairs of shoes. They just came out with this adorable light grey color that is part of the Anniversary sale, but you can also get the white right here! I also get quite a few questions on my Madewell tote (classic version here, striped version on sale here!) It’s one of my favorite bags and I wear it everywhere–it’s my go-to bag for work, travel, yoga, literally anything. It’s made of super soft leather and is really great quality for the price!        Sweater: B.P. (only $24!)– comes in blush, black, white, navy, grey, and red! // Jeans: Rag & Bone ($131 w/ the sale!) Run TTS. The AG jeans are similar and also included in the sale! I’ve heard amazing things about them too! // Bag: Rebecca Minkoff ($149!) // Booties: Halogen “Jacy” stretch booties–also available in black–run TTS! Initial Necklace: similar here, but this version is less expensive and part of the sale, too! I have been looking for a pair of classic, medium-blue skinny jeans, and I’m so glad I found them this past week–they’re the Rag & Bone High Waist Skinny Ankle Jeans and they are MAGIC they are so flattering. They have now risen to the top in terms of comfiest jeans that I own. Trust me, you will wear these several times a week every single season. They are wonderful. (Run true to size!) Here, I paired them with these super cute grey Halogen “Jacy” stretch booties. They also come in black and right now they’re $79! Truth be told I think they look even CUTER paired with a dress or skirt! (If you’re looking for a pair of flat ankle booties, I also got this pair!) Finally, this olive suede purse! I don’t think I own anything olive colored but I fell in love with this bag in particular (which is weird, you know, I really am not that into handbags). I think the dusty olive color is a fun twist on a neutral and it adds a subtle pop of color to your outfit that you wouldn’t get with something grey, tan, or black, yet it’s just as versatile! (Currently it’s priced at $149!)      Photos by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Outfits, Style  
Britney Crawley says  July 17, 2017 at 7:51 am I love sweaters! It’s the only thing that keeps my mood up when summer starts to fade away. Okay, maybe there are like a million other things to love about fall, but sweaters are definitely high on the list! Loving your rough hem denim and those booties also! 
Swati Singh says  July 17, 2017 at 9:38 am Ordered the same sweater, it looked so good on the website! and love those mom shorts from topshop. They have been my absolute go-to!  Swati | theswatisingh.com 
Joules says  July 17, 2017 at 9:38 am Great post! I love those sunglasses–the shape and the print look great on you! Style by Joules 
Samantha Tananbaum says  July 17, 2017 at 9:55 am Such a pretty sweater & love both looks! The wash of those shorts is perfect with pink! xx
Sam 
Jessi Afshin says  July 17, 2017 at 7:42 pm Loving both looks! This is such a versatile sweater. Great color! xoxo
Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Katherine Swain says  July 21, 2017 at 11:37 am So cute Jess! I love how you showed both looks! I did that over on my blog this week too! So necessary to have transitional pieces   Katherine | http://www.oneswainkycouple.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Leggings, Short Sleeved Blouses, Camis And Tanks, High Waisted Flare Pants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 4, 2019   See full outfit post here  Dress: Free People Love Of My Life Dress c/o Shopbop but also available at Nordstrom in other colors (wearing XS. Runs TTS) I LOVE Free People dresses–I think they have so many great ones for summer! Also love this one by Gal Meets Glam if you want a more modest/classic version without such a deep v in the front! I also love this linen midi which I styled here–also very versatile and a totally different look! Sandals: Something Navy for Nordstrom–they are shockingly comfortable! Come in black leather and an adorable black and white calf hair animal print too! Purse: Topshop (they have the CUTEST purses right now!) Lipstick: Beautycounter Red   FULLYYY intended on getting this post up YESTERDAY, but–as you know. I’m still in recovery mode from my friend Kai’s bachelorette party in Vegas and *I cannot hang like I used to* I literally said out loud to my friends, “I wish I had the kind of job where I could call in sick tomorrow”–I was so tired, and I am the most miserable, non-functioning human without sleep. I realized that yes, it does really suck that when you work for yourself and want to take a day off, you don’t get paid. But guess what? I still CAN call off sick if I decide that’s what’s best for me. So…long story short, I chose self care and sleeping in yesterday instead of getting a blog post up, and that’s something I haven’t always been able to do in the past–so that made me proud!  (Hopefully you understand. I figured you would. Because you’re the best.)  Anyway! I’m back, feeling better, more hydrated, and happy to be popping in with a report on your top-selling items this month! I started doing these roundups this past winter and somehow fell off the wagon, but I think they’re such a great picture of all the great items you may have missed in May! So, here we go!  I was so glad to see you guys fell in love with this dress I wore in Mexico (styled in this post) as much as I did! It’s the perfect summer sun dress and I’m dying for it to get warm enough to wear regularly in Chicago! No shocker here–my How To Wear Joggers 6 Ways post was a big hit, and these linen joggers were too! They are the perfect “in between”–like classy sweats! They’re especially perfect for summer travel. My favorite sweater blazer–the Sophie blazer from J.Crew was marked down during their big Memorial Day Sale–AND it’s also 30% off RIGHT NOW!!  So many of you snapped this one up! It’s seriously the best staple in and out of the office. (Also, you saw Molly wear it in our latest What I Wore to Work post!) 20% off right now! $69.99! (Note: You have to click on the color ‘navy’ otherwise it looks like it’s sold out, but it isn’t!) I lovvveee this dress–I haven’t had a chance to wear it on the blog, but have worn it several times in the past couple of weeks! So versatile and classic! Love the pretty button front! I dedicated a whole blog post to why I love these no-slip Amazon ankle socks–so many of you have messaged me saying you love them too! My #1 most worn sneakers on the blog! They go with everything, so comfy, and require no break-in! They have been a bestseller for a couple months now! They have them at both Nordstrom and Shopbop! The BEST pair of white skinnies I can recommend! Another item that has been a bestseller with GG readers for YEARS, actually! I did a whole post on how to style them several ways right over here! These jeans were also voted most popular in our Real Women Approved: Best Jeans For Every Body post! If you caught our firstWhat I Wore to Work post–this was Paisleigh’s top work wardrobe staple–a super budget-friendly blazer from Target! No surprise it was one of this month’s bestsellers! These insanely budget-friendly, on-sale shorts (only $27 and still on sale!!) were featured in one of my sale round-ups and so many of you snapped them up! I don’t blame you–they look like the best comfy, classic vacation shorts! Another featured sale roundup highlight–these Zella leggings–HOW are these still in stock AND still on sale? You know Zella is one of my fave activewear brands and I rarely see it marked down at such a steal! Currently on sale for under $40! My new favorite summer sandals: the Everlane Day Sandals are everything you thought they would be and more. The butteriest leather–the prettiest rich caramelly color (but come in lot’s of other colors too!) I’ve already walked miles in them and never one blister! Worth every penny! Also not a shocker, my much anticipated review of Everlane’s New Japanese Go Weave Jumpsuit was another hit, despite it being posted on the second to last day of the month–it still was a top 10 bestseller for all of May!  For good reason–I’m truly obsessed. It will be a year round staple for years to come! See my full review of it here! Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And White Jumpsuit, Leather Watches, Metallic Shoes, Off White Lace Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 25, 2018   Above: My Gucci loafers–one of my absolute favorite wardrobe staples, with Everlane’s easy pants (amazing for both in and out of the office!)  One of the most common questions I get these days–especially as you and I are both “growing up” ? and getting older, so to speak and have a little bit more disposable income to play with and therefore are starting to consider more and more–is, where do you spend, vs save, when it comes to your wardrobe staples?  The answer is truly an individual one–the way I make decisions will differ from yours, but if you find yourself wondering the question–today’s post goes through some helpful ways to REALLY get to the bottom of what’s worth your investment, and where it’s best to go with a cheaper option. The definition of “splurge” really varies from person to person, and it can be very different than an “investment” piece. For example, in my early twenties, a $50 “fun going out top” with ruffles and a fun color/pattern would’ve been a “splurge”–but a $50 silk button down that I could wear to work with a pencil skirt and out on a date or with the girls multiple times per month, that’s an “investment.” Everyone’s definition and “threshold” if you will, for “splurge” and “investment” items is different and will depend on your lifestyle or budget. My point in bringing this up is to know that you shouldn’t be comparing your spending, wardrobe (or ANYTHING else for that matter) to anyone else. Not to your best friend, not to me, not to anyone else you follow on instagram. Like most things in life, it’s best to go with your gut here. That being said, these questions will help you make the most informed, assured choice when it comes to investing in your wardrobe staples rather than splurging on something that will inevitably end up in the back of your closet after a couple of wears. Admittedly, I can think of very few things aside from shoes, handbags, and coats that would be worth investing in. Clothes just don’t hold up as well as accessories, and they go out of style much more quickly. Expensive clothing also requires expensive upkeep–so that’s also something to keep in mind! Honestly, I can rarely justify spending more than $200 on any piece of clothing. So next time you’re lusting after a friends’ trendy and expensive dress that she paid an arm and a leg for–remember, she probably won’t be wearing that next year anyway!  Above: Everlane $100 Cashmere Mock Neck sweater  and Halogen Ponte leggings This is one of the biggest factors that should be considered when you’re shopping around–is there something that looks the same somewhere else that you can get for less money? If so, is the quality the same? I’ll go back to my favorite silk blouse example because it’s a good one–you can pay upwards of $300 for one from Vince, Theory, or Equipment. And it will be a STUNNING blouse–but you can also get one at Everlane for $100 that looks exactly the same and is of the same quality. Same with an expensive cashmere sweater–Everlane sells cashmere sweaters for $100, too! You don’t need to pay hundred os dollars for a cashmere sweater. (I mean, you know Everlane is my go-to for good reason! ?) We can play devil’s advocate here with another example–Gucci loafers. Many people will argue that a $200 pair of loafers is just as cute and well made–and that’s great!! But others (like me) will argue that you are paying for a quality and design that can’t be replicated (no blisters from day one, leather as soft as butter, and the most beautiful sleek shape with a toe that isn’t too round, square, is just pointed enough but not pointy–not too preppy, not too modern–I could go on). Another example is my Stuart Weitzman OTK boots–for me personally, there really is no alternative. I have very small calves and I’ve never been able to find a pair of OTK boots that truly hug my calves like they do. The Lowland’s are also some of the most comfortable boots I own, and I wanted them for SO long. But there are so many other women out there who ADORE their Steve Madden OTK boots for example, and they fit their unique bodies as well as my Stuart Weitzmans fit mine. It’s all a matter of preference and what works for YOUR body. Now–what about a winter coat? If you live in the Midwest or East Coast, you know that a coat is something you truly, 100% cannot cheap out on. It’s just too damn cold. There is a reason the warmest coats will cost you an arm and a leg–because the cheaper versions are less quality and aren’t nearly as warm! So don’t look at what anyone else is doing–figure out what works for YOUR budget, YOUR body, and YOUR personal happiness.  Above: Stuart Weitzman Lowland boots–one of my favorite winter wardrobe staples  That being said, will a cheaper alternative make you happy? To illustrate this point, I will tell you a story about 4th grade Jessica. For weeks, I BEGGED my mom to get me a Tomagotchi. My best friend Molly Walker had one and I was absolutely dying for my own. They proved to be pretty in demand, and when my mom agreed–she let my nanny take me to the store to get a Tomagotchi, but they were out of stock, so I got a GigaPet instead. I told myself I was excited about it, and I really did love my Gigapet, but there was a little feeling deep down–an itch that had not been scratched–a piece of me that still longed for that Tomagotchi. I mean, it was an ALIEN and there are just some ways that a pet computer cat can’t stack up to an alien that you hatch and raise from birth. After weeks of still longing for a Tomagotchi, I was able to get my hands on one when they came back in stock. (It was green with yellow zebra stripes) and it was SO WORTH THE WAIT. I know, first world 80’s baby problems–but a good example to illustrate that sometimes, for whatever reason, you just aren’t going to be truly satisfied until you get the real thing. If you want a Louis Vuitton tote–you’re never going to be satisfied with a Madewell tote.  But if you want a Cuyana backpack and you also find that you love the Madewell version just as much and it’s half the price–then that’s perfect! If you’ve been dying for a Burberry trench coat since you were a little girl, but you only have $200 to spend on a trench coat–that doesn’t mean you’ll be MISERABLE if you have to buy a $200 version. A Burberry trench has been one of my goals to buy myself for my entire life–I wasn’t ready to pull the trigger last time I went to London, but now I feel comfortable doing so–next time I go to London, I’m going to buy one for myself! But in the meantime, I really love my London Fog version that has gotten me through the last two years and makes me feel incredibly chic when I put it on, despite NOT being the “real thing.” Sidebar conversation: Now, I think it’s really necessary to identify WHY you want the real “designer’ thing. Is it because there is nothing else that has a design as beautiful and unique, is the quality unbeatable? Or do you just want it for the status symbol (if the latter–that is NOT a reason to invest in something!) Remember: Only buy for YOU. Nobody else!  Above: My favorite London Fog trench (mine is this one, which is almost sold out, but I’m hoping they re-stock it!) that I LOVE and will tide me over until I make my Burberry splurge   This brings me to my next point–I rarely spend a lot of money on items that are super trendy. (Some will argue that OTK boots fall under the “trendy” category–but again, keep in mind this is personal preference). This is easy for me to say because I tend to dress more classic than trendy anyway, but I think this is especially important to differentiate when it comes to investing in anything–it will always be a better idea to invest in classic items than the ones that are “hot right now.” The same can apply to colors–while it would be SO fun to have your dream bag in this season’s “it color”–it’s much more practical to go with something like black or brown, for obvious reasons. If you want a hot pink handbag–that’s great, but they probably have a cute one at Forever21 that is just as cute, and you won’t feel bad when you’re sick of it after one season. I keep going back to the classic Gucci loafers, I know, but let’s use them as an example here again. There are a lot of “trendy” Gucci loafers right now–the mules with the fur, the mules without the fur, and of course, the classic loafers. In my opinion, the classic loafers are the best choice because mules go in and out of style (I’d put a LOT of money on the fact that the furry mules will be out by next year), but loafers are a staple that have always withstood the test of time. Two factors that are NON NEGOTIABLE. Almost every girl I know that owns a pair of Louboutin pumps NEVER wears them–why? Because to most women, they are ungodly high, uncomfortable, and nearly impossible to walk in. (Again, I say almost, because I have known one or two who swear by them and wear them to work all the time–even though I don’t know how ?).  Just be really honest with yourself about what you want to buy because the thrill is in “the buying of the item” or if it’s something you know will really bring a lot of value to your wardrobe in everyday life. Another thing–I also have friends who have splurged on super light colored designer bags only to have their purses rub against their jeans every day and stain the entire back of their purse dark blue. Cute? Yes. Durable? No. This is another big one. How often are you realistically going to wear it? How many seasons will it work for? What kind of weather? Will you wear it in at least 3 seasons? Think of things in terms of price per wear–the more you’re likely to wear something, the cheaper it is “per wear.” These are all questions I like to weigh no matter how expensive or inexpensive the item–it’s just a good habit to get into!  Filed Under: Style, Style 101  
Taylor says  September 25, 2018 at 8:19 am Love this Jess! One thing I have noticed over the past few years is that most of the time (if its a classic piece) I feel it is absolutely worth it to splurge. There have been several pieces that I have wanted so I end up settling & buying the less expensive version and then a few months later I decide its worth it to get the splurge piece I originally wanted. So then I have already ended up spending more than I would had I just splurged in the first place. This doesn’t always apply but it has definitely taught me to be more conscious of my purchases! Taylor  | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Taylor W says  September 25, 2018 at 8:53 am Loved this post – so helpful!!  
AMANDA B MAHONY says  September 25, 2018 at 9:53 am This is definitely one of the most helpful and awesome posts you’ve ever written! I’d be interested to see what some of your users have to say about some of the best splurges they’ve bought were. For me, I couldn’t agree more; coats, shoes, scarves and handbags are worth investing in, as long as they’re classic styles. Someone told me once, a designer bag can make an inexpensive outfit, look expensive. Ditto shoes.  I also agree on the materials. I am a huge thrift store junkie, and every time I go, I look for cashmere! Wool, tweed and leather are also great. I own about 4 cashmere sweaters, and they cost about $10 each, plus the cost to dry clean. I also highly recommend scouting ebay, therealreal, and poshmark, if  you have a designer item you know you’ll love and wear for years, but can’t picture yourself splurging for the full price. For example, I knew I wanted the Lowlands- especially after reading this blog and Jess’s reviews- and I found them on Poshmark after months of searching, for $153. Some items, like buying a Gucci belt in Italy, or a Burberry trench in London, will last you a long time, and be better than a souvenir and you’ll always have fond memories of the piece because of the place you bought it. I have friends who paid an arm and a leg for a Chanel chain link quilted bag, but they bought it in Paris on their honeymoon. 
Caroline says  September 25, 2018 at 10:06 am Love this post so much!! Sometimes these items can go on sale too which is nice. For example those Stuart Weitzman boots. I have tried them on and they do feel like butter.  I think that splurginig on a classic item like shoes or a purse is totally worth it. I want things that are timeless, that I truly love, and also that are good quality. Oh and in this city you NEED a good winter coat!! Thank you for sharing and hope that you have a great day!!  
Diana Pearl says  September 25, 2018 at 3:31 pm Love this post! I also think about resale value, and the price you’re buying it at in the first place. You may adore that Gucci bag now, but be ready to part with it in five years. A Gucci bag could have great resale value so you could recoup a lot of what you spend! I also am a big fan of buying my splurge pieces resale. You can get a really incredible discount without sacrificing much on quality! x Diana // Pearl Girl 
chen says  September 26, 2018 at 9:36 am Love this jacket！ One thing I have noticed over the past few years is that most of the time (if its a classic piece) I feel it is absolutely worth it to splurge. There have been several pieces that I have wanted so I end up settling & buying the less expensive version and then a few months later I decide its worth it to get the splurge piece I originally wanted. So then I have already ended up spending more than I would had I just splurged in the first place. This doesn’t always apply but it has definitely taught me to be more conscious of my purchases! 
Kelly says  September 26, 2018 at 9:51 pm Jess,
This post was so helpful for me! I look up to you so much! Thanks for the amazing advice.  
Lia says  September 27, 2018 at 3:11 pm This is a really awesome post, Jess! I totally agree with you that investment pieces are worth it. I also think that shopping secondhand sometimes is another great avenue, especially for really high end things! A lot of times you can find gently used things at a great discount. I think especially for handbags this is awesome! I’m also obsessed with my gucci loafers  
Amanda says  October 4, 2018 at 3:35 pm I totally agree with this. I am still in my early 20s and just started law school so the struggle is real but I have had my fair share of splurges. When it came to the loboutin heels I caved, but I wouldn’t have it any other way cause even though they’re not comfortable, I wore them at my graduation ceremony, graduation trip; my first solo trip to New York on my first night out, and the day I got swoon in by a judge into law school. They might not be the shoes that I get the most use of but they were worth every penny for the confidence they gave me and the memories I created in them. My Gucci belt on the other hand or some of my ridiculously expensive suits have been put through the grinder over and over being worn everyday that I got my money’s worth and more. But those r my priorities to look super presentable and chic at school and work. If I’m shopping for a going out top or clothes for a night out with the girls I would probably go to express or the clearance section at Nordstrom rack to find something trendy and cute that won’t break the bank. As long as it look good for the insta pic lol 
the eara fashion says  April 10, 2019 at 11:02 pm very nice the post i like it Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lariats, Stuart Weitzman Pumps, Black Pump Shoes, Black Swimsuit and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 11, 2018   Shop this post:    I just keep on rollin with the warm-weather photos, don’t I? Actually, I took these back in early October with the intention about posting about workout wear THEN, and then never got around to it! So I guess in hindsight it’s even better that way because now we get to remember what a lovely fall breeze feels like, rather than a biting winter one ? Per popular request–today’s post is all about my favorite athletic wear–the brands I love when it comes to workout clothing, and my favorite staples from each! But first, let’s address the ever-popular question that is constantly up for debate… A few years back, I saw no use in investing in workout clothing. After all, I mean, you sweat in it, get it all gross, wash it more than anything else you own, and it goes through so much beating up. During Winter I tend to opt for home workouts so–why bother spending money on it? Fast forward to the present–I still have most of these “cheaper” versions that I’ve purchased–but truthfully, I never reach for them unless I haven’t done laundry and I’m desperate. They look worn, they’re threadbare, the seams are unraveling at the bottom, or they’re pilling–there is a reason that stuff is cheap! I’ve actually owned my pair of Lululemon Align pants longer than I’ve owned most of my cheaper workout gear from Target and Old Navy. (Thanks for the Lulu pants for Christmas way back in 2012, Dad!) Guess which pair still gets worn every week and looks great? Yep. My Lulu pants. Do I have anything against Target or Old Navy athletic wear? Of course not–it’s ADORABLE. And so budget friendly! If that’s what works best for your budget, of course, those are still great places to shop. BUT. There is a but. On the flip side, like most things, personally, I think it works best to view workout clothing in terms of cost per wear. If you have the budget available, and can invest a little more upfront, you’ll have a solid workout wardrobe for a really, really long time–short term wins don’t always add up to the most savings in the long-run. That being said, these are my three favorite brands when it comes to workout clothing: Lolë: I was introduced to Lolë last April and later went on a trip with them to Montreal! They quickly became one of my favorite athletic and athleisure brands. My favorite part about them is that they make items that you can throw on to go workout, or to walk around the neighborhood. It’s really versatile and well-made. They made pretty much everything you see in this outfit, today, actually! Outdoor Voices: Outdoor voices items feel like nothing else you’ve felt before, their leggings are really substantial, so you don’t ever have to be worried about show-through. Their stuff is my favorite for yoga and their crop top/sports bras are so incredibly cute. My OV stuff is my biggest motivator to get into Corepower! Lululemon: Okay, honestly I don’t really own anything else from Lululemon OTHER than their leggings–so that’s the only lulu category I can speak to. Neal really loves their guys’ pants and zip-ups, too! I haven’t tried any of these personally, but Beyond Yoga, Alo, Zella and Athleta are all popular recommendations that GG readers mention often!  Best all-around athletic + athleisure pants: Again, Lulu’s Align pants are amazing for literally everything, including travel, because they feel like, well, you actually can’t feel them at all. For Yoga: I love Outdoor Voices 7/8 pants, which come in so many cute colors and color-blocked patterns. These are my favorites for yoga. I also love Lole’s Cayo leggings (which I’m wearing here) because I like how lightweight they are–they’re actually made to double as paddle-boarding leggings and are fully wearable in the water! How cool is that?! (Sadly the version I’m wearing is sold out but they have other colors!) I’ve gotten lot’s of reader reccos about Beyond Yoga leggings as well! For OrangeTheory/Running/More intense workouts: My Lolë burst leggings and Panna leggings. They’re made for more intense movement, with breathable fabric and a special “coolmax” gusset. The burst leggings have two pockets, including one that zips, which is great if you’re on a run outside and want to take your credit card and some cash, or store a key or two without worrying about them falling out! (I used to tie my key to my shoelaces. Did anyone else do that? ?) The Panna only has one pocket, but I think they get more points for cuter color combinations ? Both are amazing (and a lot of colors are on sale right now, too!) Lole sports bras: My favorite bras are also from Lolë! My #1 favorite is the Palin bra (and it matches my Panna leggings which I love ?) It’s cute and functional! I like that it’s thicker than a lot of sports bras so you don’t have to worry about show-through, and the criss-cross straps in the back are adorable and provide support at the same time. Another favorite from them is no longer available but it’s very similar to the Malicia bra/crop top For lower impact activities (like yoga) the Ramina bra is awesome and right now it’s on sale for $30! It kind of reminds me of a really comfy barely-there triangle bra, but it’s a sports bra! Sizing: I think their stuff tends to run big, so when in doubt, you may want to go down a size. Outdoor voices crops: A favorite for yoga, Ourdoor Voices slash-back crop tops are my absolute favorite! The Athena Crop is also similar, but a racerback shape in the back! These run true to size. Beyond Yoga has a lot of cute crops that are similar too!  Sweaters/cover-ups: It’s nice to have a couple athleisure-type sweaters to throw on over your workout tank! The one I’m wearing here is also from Lolë–I love the adorable criss-cross detail in the front, and it also looks really cute with jeans! Packable Jacket: I am OBSESSED with this packable jacket from (SHOCKER) Lolë! My wardrobe was really missing a warm, lightweight jacket that I could throw on to walk to work out or just to stroll around the neighborhood, and this one is so awesome. I can’t say enough good things! Lolë makes quite a few of them! Convertible backpack tote: Lolë’s “Lily” bag is the active commuting woman’s dream bag. It goes from a tote to a backpack, has a water bottle pocket, phone compartment, sleeve for your yoga mat, a laptop sleeve, a shoe bag for your sneakers, to keep them from dirtying your other clothes, and a zipper pouch for any toiletries/makeup. It’s truly amazing. Sneakers: I got these Nike Tanjun sneakers several months back and I absolutely love them! They are SO comfortable and I would highly recommend them! I also just got Allbirds for Christmas from my awesome mother in law and oh my gosh, you guys, if you’re looking for a truly stylish and insanely comfortable “athleisure” sneaker–I can’t say enough good things about Allbirds!      SaveSaveSaveSave SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  January 11, 2018 at 8:45 am I’d never heard of Lolë before- hear pieces are beautiful I’ll have to check them out! Also, as other readers said, the Beyond Yoga spacedye pants are absolutely amazing! xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Caitlin Edwards says  January 11, 2018 at 11:27 am Such an awesome post! thanks for sharing! I dont own any Lole or Outdoor Voices, but I have heard really good things! http://www.themilestraveled.com 
Diana Pearl says  January 11, 2018 at 11:44 am I’m dying to try Outdoor Voices. Their crop tops are so cute! x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Breanne says  January 11, 2018 at 12:11 pm Haha I love how you’re always on your tip toes. You forgot to add that as your ways to make your legs look longer! ? 
Taylor Martin says  January 11, 2018 at 2:46 pm Love these picks! I teach at CorePower and the amount of workout clothing I now own is just out of control! I agree that the Lulu Align pants are truly amazing, both for casual wear and for workouts. I wear a lot of Lulu bras while teaching, but also love Athleta. I’m dying to try out Outdoor Voices & Lole, but it’s hard to spring for items when I don’t get the (small) discount!  It’s really important to have separate types of workout clothing for different types of workouts. I would never wear what I wear to my yoga classes to the gym to run on the treadmill or stairmaster. Having the right types of clothing is so important for a good workout!  Love that you included a bunch of options for wearing to/from workouts. Those are usually my favorite items to find.  Thanks again for sharing!  xo, Taylor 
Stacy says  January 11, 2018 at 3:23 pm I love Athleta products! I’ve also been a Fabletics member for a while too. Their leggings are nice because they seem like better quality than Target or Old Navy, but not as expensive as Lulu or Athleta. So a nice middle ground. 
Megan Herak says  December 3, 2018 at 5:26 am hello Jess. loved your article.It must be  quite an extensive task to collect such enormous data . but so thank full that i did find your article because it was quite an educational to me thanks again 
Megan Herak says  December 3, 2018 at 5:27 am hello Jess. loved your article.It must be  quite an extensive task to collect such enormous data . but so thank full that i did find your article because it was quite an educational for me .Thanks again Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Mini Satchels, Black Pj Sets, Tan Wedge Sandals, White Tank Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 20, 2014   Hooray! I made it home for the holidays and on the other side of my travel mishaps. I’m officially in the Pacific Northwest. At the time these photos were taken I could have doubled as a human tumbleweed flying down Oak Street. It was just a LITTLE windy this Wednesday. Luckily, the hat held my hair in place, which is funny, because I had never originally planned on wearing it. Ever since I got my hair cut I think I look like Aunt Jackie from Roseanne when I wear hats. Seriously. Can’t you see it though? A little…?  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 But Kelly and Blair assured me otherwise and convinced me to wear it. Plus, I kind of had to, to keep my hair from sticking straight out in 89 different directions. But enough about that and let’s get to the sparkly center of today’s post: SEQUINS! You love them for the holidays and New Years Eve, but there’s really no reason you can’t wear them casually, either. I love this top from Piperlime, because it can be dressy on its own, but with a long sleeve tee (or turtleneck…I’ve got an unhealthy obsession) layered underneath, paired with some distressed jeans, it’s the perfect daytime look!     Top: Sabine from Piperlime (c/o) // Jeans: Joe’s Jeans from Piperlime (c/o) // Beanie: Gap (similar below) // Shoes: Zara (similar below) // Watch: Anne Klein // Bracelet: Anne Klein // Bag: ShopBop (c/o) Shop this post: Photos by Kelly Larkin  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  […] Casual Sequins: Sequins aren’t just for new years anymore!  […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Turtlenecks On Sale, Citizens Of Humanity Skinny Jeans, Short Sleeve Blouses, Camis And Tanks and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 19, 2018   Happy Tuesday guys! I’m SO excited for this post. If you’ve been following my blog for any amount of time, you probably know that Everlane is one of my favorite brands of all time, and that they were at the top of my list of brands to collaborate with. Well–BIG career win, because today, I’m partnering with them to showcase a few items from their new line of shirt dresses–AND Neal is styling some of his favorite items from their men’s collection. (This, plus Italy on Friday=best week ever, am I right?!) If you aren’t familiar with Everlane, they’re a small brand I’ve loved for years (seriously, since the beginning!) that is making a big splash not just with their beautiful, high-quality, yet affordable designs–but with their dedication to partnering with ethical factories with fair wages, reasonable hours, and ideal working environments. They have a whole section of their website where you can learn about all the factories they partner with, and see photos and videos of all of them! Every Black Friday, in lieu of massive sales, Everlane chooses to donate their profits from the day to better the lives of those who work in their factories around the world. Last year, they built an organic farm for workers in Vietnam who have trouble getting access to fresh vegetables without pesticides. Their prices are cheaper because they sell their items directly to consumers, cutting out the middleman. On their website, you can even see how much each item would cost with the traditional retail markup, vs what Everlane is able to charge for it! It’s really awesome! If you want to start feeling better about how you’re shopping, you definitely want to look into this brand! Anyway–I own so many Everlane pieces that it would take me hours to compile a post of every single one of my favorites, but today, we’re excited to share some pieces from their newest summer product launch! These are easy staples you can throw on and run with–wherever you’re headed! Ready to jump in? Let’s do it!  Dress + Shoes c/o Everlane, Madewell Bag (Everlane also makes a similar one–their Market Tote gets two thumbs up from GG readers! It was included in my reader favorites favorite work + travel bag roundup last week! Ladies first! We’ll get into Neal’s favorites in a second but I was really excited when their new line of shirt dresses came out because I know you’re always looking for versatile pieces that can be worn in and out of the office. The best part about these is that they’re such an easy, one and done outfit. You really just need a pair of shoes, and you’re golden! Plus, they come in some adorably cheerful striped patterns! (Don’t worry though, if patterns aren’t your thing–they have solid colors as well!) Perhaps my favorite of the collection is this collarless shirt dress, with its cheeky bold stripes and a tie that flatters and defines the waist. Here I’m wearing it with my favorite heels–Everlane’s Day Heels. I know, I’m a broken record–I talk about them all the time, and I’ve worn them in countless blog posts (you can see a bunch of them right here!) This is a look that could be suitable for both an office meeting or a date. The dress would also look adorable with sandals, wedges, sneakers–pretty much any kind of footwear you own! It also has POCKETS! Huzzah! I went one size down to a 00, which is what I’m wearing here, as I prefer my items to be a bit more fitted. If you’d like it on the looser side (or if you’re bustier than I am), go with your normal size. Their heels do run a bit small–I’ve realized this is a very personal preference. If you’re in between sizes I would go with the bigger one. The material is lightweight cotton (kind of the same material of any standard button down). Wrinkles steam out super easily, so big thumbs up there! I wouldn’t say it wrinkles terribly easily either, definitely average. Also comes in solid navy, solid light blue, and a blue and white stripe! Shop this look:          Above outfit: Everlane dress c/o, White Greece Sandals (Everlane’s Bridge Sandals are very similar as well–I own them in black. Once broken in they’re probably the most durable/comfiest slides you’ll ever own!)Raffia Tote, Ray Ban Sunnies Below outfit: Everlane dress c/o, Everlane Wrap Sandals c/o, Similar Tote, old scarf For our second dress of the mix–the long-sleeve shirtdress–I couldn’t decide which I loved more, the yellow stripe or the classic white–so I chose both ? It’s another staple that will transition perfectly from work to the weekend–pairing well with everything from casual sandals to heels. Throw it on as a cover up over a bathing suit, or button it up and wear it to a board meeting. (Another plus: the sleeves add extra sun protection outside, and AC protection in that icebox of an office!) Sizing: I’m went a size down (I’m wearing a 00 and I typically wear a 0 in shirt dresses). Material: Like its collarless cousin above, this is made of the same 100% cotton fabric that is pretty similar to a classic button down you’d wear to work! Length: The length of this dress is longer than the collarless dress above. If you work in a more conservative environment or prefer your hemlines a but longer to provide more coverage in the back, I think this length will suit you! This one also has pockets! ? The way it’s cut, it still allows a ton of breathing room despite being longer! Everlane Wrap Sandals: I also got to try out Everlane’s new wrap sandals (styled with the white dress below) and they did not disappoint! If you’ve been looking for a minimalistic summer sandal that goes with everything, I highly recommend these! They run true to size. I do think the leather will soften with break-in, but I wore them around the neighborhood last night and didn’t get any blisters! Planning to take them to Italy with me! Shop these looks:           Button down + Chino Shorts c/o Everlane,  Aquatalia Weatherproof Loafers, Ray Ban Aviators, Seiko watch with Amazon strap   Now, it’s Neal’s turn! ? He was so excited to try out some of their mens items–he’s never worn anything from Everlane before and my hypothesis was proven correct–he loved everything he got! Much like their womens items, their menswear is ideal for the guy who needs staples that can work for a casual, yet professional office environment, to a weekend, travel, and everything in between. First up, the short sleeve linen button down:  Neal loves linen shirts–they’re cool in both the temperature AND fashion sense ? this one is cut to be a little boxier to make it extra cool for hot summer days. If your guy likes things that give him a little more breathing room, he’ll really like this shirt. Neal rolled the sleeves a bit for a little added interest but that’s obviously optional! Second, the chino shorts:  Neal went with the 7″ version here–you know how much he loves his short shorts ? but I think these are the perfect length. They’re really polished, so they’d be great for a casual Friday at the office but casual/stylish enough to wear when he’s out with his friends. We both also love the slim cut–nobody looks good in boxy shorts! As for colors–they come in TONS of them, but I love that he went with the burgundy–it’s different but still versatile! If your guy prefers a longer length, they also come in a 9″ length as well! Shop this look:        Button down + Chinos c/o Everlane, Cole Haan sneakers, Seiko watch with Amazon strap Then we have the long sleeve linen button down: For a more casual look, Neal paired the same chino shorts with this shirt. I love that it comes in a bunch of colors and patterns–the navy mini stripe is especially perfect for travel because the color and pattern disguises dirt and stains! For accessories, you don’t need much! He went with a classic white sneaker (he loves this pair! They’re SO lightweight and comfy, yet super polished!) some sunnies, and his favorite casual watch (it’s really affordable and he has like 15 different colors of watch straps that he interchanges it with–they’re like $10 each!) Shop this look:       (P.S. Post photoshoot adult slushies from Foxtrot Market were in order ? You have to try one if you live in Chicago!)  This post was sponsored by Everlane–one of my favorite brands ever–period, the end. Thanks for supporting the brands that partner with GG and keep this site going strong!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
AMANDA B MAHONY says  June 19, 2018 at 10:16 am I LOVE EVERLANE! So happy to see your partnering and promoting a brand which is super ethical and makes AMAZING STUFF! If you don’t already own a pair, their high rise jeans are actually a God send…like, actually. Send help, I need every color. Congrats on an amazing career win, Jess! Also, you two look so cute! Neal, what a model! 
Allie says  June 19, 2018 at 11:38 am Congratulations on such an amazing partnership! That’s so exciting! I love that Everlane strives to be so transparent and responsible when making their clothes. The fact that they are cheaper is just a cherry on top. You both look amazing! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Tina says  June 28, 2018 at 9:15 am Ah, I’ve been hankering over the collarless shirt dress forever! It looks really great on you, would you mind sharing how tall you are? I really want to achieve the shorter length that you see on the model, so I’m even considering going – eek – *two* sizes down. Am I crazy? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Wedges Heels, Ivory Wedding Dresses, Soludos Espadrilles, Black And Gold Jewelry and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 10, 2019      Happy Tuesday, friends! This is a CRAZY week, and a short one, because we’re headed to Buffalo, NY on Thursday AM to celebrate two of our very best friends. (I know, I say that a lot. But I swear, we really do have a lot of best friends!) Andrew (Neal’s former roommate/BFF) and Emily (his amazing wife to be–the second we met her Neal and I looked at each other and said, “SHE’S THE ONE!!!”  We’re so excited for them!) are getting married this weekend and we are very much looking forward to the festivities, eating plenty lot of OG Buffalo wings (I mean, when in Buffalo!) and to visit Niagra Falls!  In particular, I’m styling this adorable/amazing Topshop blazer three ways! (Its sold out at Nordstrom before I could even post this but many sizes still available at Topshop.com if you act fast!) I absolutely ADORE everything about this blazer–from the flattering cut, to the color that toes the line between “blush” and “neutral” beautifully, to the texture that adds a little something extra to anything you pair it with. I feel like Topshop is really killing it with the blazer game lately! (I’m linking some other Topshop blazer faves as well as others from Nordstrom and J.Crew below as well!)  I don’t know about you, but I never know what to wear this time of year. It’s still warm, but cool. It’s not summer yet not quite fall. How are you supposed to get dressed!? I hope these three outfits will give you lots of great ideas and inspiration to style your blazer for several occasions in this odd, transitional weather!     Topshop Blazer (wearing US 4 which fits like a 0-2 normally! Topshop sizing=runs a size smaller!) Everlane bodysuit (runs TTS, wearing small) AGolde shorts (Wearing 25, many say to size down, but I went with my normal size because I like them loose!), Kaanas sandals (run TTS) Jean shorts are one of the BEST transitional items to keep in your fall arsenal because they look so cute styled with extra layers on top! I have two favorite pairs of jean shorts (which I reviewed in this post!) and the pair I’m wearing here–the AGolde cutoffs–are probably my #1 most worn item of the summer!  I also styled this look along with my favorite Everlane bodysuit–which is super flattering and great for dressing up OR down. I love the contrast of the stripes with the subtle weave of the blazer! This look would work with a subtle plaid or a solid blazer as well! It would also look super cute with my favorite Free People bodysuit in white!  An excellent example of the Juxtaposition Rule at play! The shorts add a casual + edgy (but not TOO edgy) touch when paired with the blazer, which is a piece that typically feels more dressy and polished.    Topshop Blazer (wearing US 4 which fits like a 0-2 normally! Topshop sizing=runs a size smaller!) Everlane Modern Skinny Ankle jeans (Order your normal size if you want them tight, or size up if you want them looser!), Steve Madden booties (BP makes a nearly identical version too that are on sale right now!)  Next up–a look that is perfect for a night out, or even for work if you work in a more casual environment! (I would’ve worn this to work all the time when I worked in advertising!) These jeans are super flattering and accentuate all your curves beautifully! I also love the dark wash that isn’t TOO dark–so they aren’t too contrasting with the otherwise lighter/neutral elements of the outfit. (I.E. the blazer + booties!)  I got these booties during the Nordstrom sale and I can’t say enough good things about them! They are so flattering and so pretty–the color is the perfect “goes with everything” taupe. HOWEVER–if you want an identical look for half the price, go with these B.P. booties! They’re 40% off right now–I tried these on as well and they are very comparable for such a steal! Come in the same pretty taupe as well as other colors!       Topshop Blazer (wearing US 4 which fits like a 0-2 normally! Topshop sizing=runs a size smaller!) Steve Madden booties (BP makes a nearly identical version too that are on sale right now!) Everlane straight leg crops (TTS, wear 25) Everlane washable silk blouse (Runs TTS. Wearing size 2) Everlane Tote  This might be my favorite outfit yet! You saw this same combination of the Everlane washable silk top + Everlane straight leg crops in my last Everlane capsule wardrobe–well, here it is, but remixed with the blazer + neutral booties! I love it SO MUCH. I’m such a sucker for white on white (or, I suppose, in this case, off white on off white ) It’s such a chic outfit that would be appropriate from work to a dinner date. Red lipstick is encouraged, of course. (I’m wearing Beautycounter’s “Girls Night” here!)  —  Photos by Hannah Schweiss Photography  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Mini Skirts, White Gowns, Black Bodysuits, Wedge Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 4, 2012   Top off your 4th of July with a fabulous white fringe bathing suit, Karen Walkers, and some Nars Casino Bronzer (considering every girl’s best summer accessory is a great tan). Throwing on a classic navy watch couldn’t hurt either, since you might drop your iPhone in the ocean, pool, or your 6th pint of PBR and therefore lose track of all time going forward. Here’s to celebrating your independence in style!  Filed Under: Style  
Clara Turbay says  November 30, -0001 at 12:00 am definitely that the best flavor! 
Clara Turbay says  July 6, 2012 at 12:13 am definitely that the best flavor! 
Kaianne Elliot says  July 12, 2012 at 9:56 pm write some more posts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Chokers, Cosmetic Bags, Off White Pumps, Black Bodysuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 7, 2018  As cheesy as this is, Valentine’s Day is one of my favorite holidays! An excuse to get fresh flowers or a romantic date night? Sign me up! We’ve always loved celebrating the holiday everyone loves to hate ? Whether you’re celebrating Galentines or Valentines, or just looking for an excuse to splurge on yourself, I’ve rounded up a few gifts for girls and guys that anyone will love! I can’t think of a better gift for a hilarious girlfriend or coworker! For the girl who loves her dry shampoo (or the frequent traveler!) This one is a budget-friendly dupe of my “J” necklace I wear every day! Indie artist Leah Goren illustrates many ways in which close friendships withstand the test of time, cross-country moves, failed romances, and silly arguments. The perfect Galentine’s gift for your best friend! Because who doesn’t need more adorable PJ’s? I think I may order these for myself ? The most comfy undies in the cutest little heart-shaped gift set! I’ve been seeing this rose gold suitcase everywhere and heard such good things! The rose gold makes it a perfectly fitting gift for V-Day, but is a color you’ll love year-round! I love this feminine scarf with teeny-tiny hearts! It’s festive but subtle enough to wear any time of the year! Also, if you love wearing scarfs, see how to wear a scarf multiple ways. My absolute FAVORITE things right now for travel–these Cuyana bags! They’re beautiful, high-quality, and have a gold monogram! I have the “ecru” color but they comes in lot’s of others as well. I love that they zip down really far, so it’s easy to find whatever you’re looking for without digging for days! I’ve been wanting a pair of wireless ear buds for awhile, and these rose gold ones are stunning and have great reviews! They’re water resistant and also have different sized buds so you can ensure the perfect fit for your ears! I came across the men’s skincare brand, Brickell, when I was looking to get Neal a few more skincare products. It’s a safe/non-toxic/natural line and Neal absolutely loves it! You can get it on Amazon! They have a full anti-aging set for $155, or you can buy their products separately! Neal especially loves their charcoal facewash and everyday anti-aging moisturizer. (Both are about $30!) Every guy needs a classic pair of cufflinks, and I love these gold knots! We love our Crosley record player and it makes the BEST gift for any music lover–guy or girl! Neal has one of these and the quality and level of sound that comes out of it is INSANE. (We have the slightly larger version for $199! We bring it everywhere with us!) This little version is even more compact and a total steal for $99. If you didn’t know, one of my favorite brands, Everlane, has men’s stuff, too! I find that a lot of guys don’t have a nice in-between season jacket. (North Face fleeces do NOT count ?) and this one definitely fits the bill! If your guy is into whiskey–one of the best gifts you could get him is one of his favorite bottles and a flask to match! This one is from Etsy and is really affordable! On the flipside, if your guy is more of a craft brew nut, he’ll love a couple 6 packs of his favorite craft beer and some simple, personalized glasses to match. Neal loves the shape of these! One of Neal’s #1 recommendations for guy gifts is a nice, but not too expensive watch. There are so many classic watches out there right now that you can get for a couple hundred dollars. He really likes Timex, Jack Mason and Nixon brands! The same earbuds as above, but in black! He’ll love these for running outside and in the gym. Neal’s Tinford Barbour jacket was so popular over Christmas, that when I saw this super lightweight “flyweight” version, I knew it was a great one to include for spring! It’s insulated, too, so you’ll get the warmth, without the weight! (Making it great for fall, too!) It also comes in olive! The BEST BEST BEST budget-friendly gift ever! Solid cologne (so when you travel, it doesn’t spill, and you can’t really put TOO much on, like is so easy to do with normal cologne!) This is our friend Chris’ company, so we’ve tried all the scents and they are all amazing. “Explorer” is hands-down our favorite–seriously, it smells so good, sometimes I steal it too. Yes, okay, this is the same set as above too. They’re honestly the best travel bags ever–so if your guy is still using a ratty old gift with purchase dopp kit (or even worse, a ziplock bag)–he’ll feel like a whole new grown-up man with these. Plus, you can personalize them, too! They come in lot’s of guy-approved colors ?  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  February 5, 2016 at 7:36 am Poems are hard. Wine! hahahaha I love it! 
Kristina Anderson says  February 5, 2016 at 8:07 am Those socks are freaking adorable!! Kristina does the Internets 
Olivia says  February 5, 2016 at 8:11 am Obsessed with those adorable cards! Have a good weekend, Jess! Baubles to Bubbles 
Maggie says  February 5, 2016 at 2:02 pm That jalapeno card is the best! Totally purchasing now.
-Maggie  http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Mary Kate says  February 5, 2016 at 2:18 pm In love with that Tory wallet! What a great list! Mary Kate
www,mynewchicagolife.com 
C says  February 7, 2018 at 3:01 pm Love this list! So great to have all these in one place: romantic ideas for my tomboy girlfriend, plus some femmier hints for me to give her! These Cuyana bags especially — so cute! 
Devinne says  February 7, 2018 at 6:38 pm Cute ideas! I really love that rose gold suitcase! […] Day? (Side note, if you haven’t gotten on your V-Day gift game yet, you’ll want to check out Friday’s post here for some of my favorite gift reccos!) I’m constantly telling myself I need to slow down and […] […] Day? (Side note, if you haven’t gotten on your V-Day gift game yet, you’ll want to check out Friday’s post here for some of my favorite gift reccos!) I’m constantly telling myself I need to slow down and […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pumps Heels Shoes, Red Flats, Black Booties Heels, Black Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 28, 2019   Hi guys!  There’s a big Shopbop sale going on right now–it’s one of their infamous Buy More Save More sales!  Code: GOBIG19 15% off orders of $200+ 20% off orders $500+ 25% off orders $800+  How it works: Anything that is labeled with the GOBIG label is included. You must enter the code at checkout in order to get the discount! The best way to get the most out of the sale is to go in with friends so you hit the highest minimum!  Some of my favorite wardrobe staples are on sale, so I’m highlighting those, and rounding up my other favorite picks that will make great additions to your spring (or year-round) wardrobe!  —  There are SO many good shoes on sale! Most notably…  Stuart Weitzman:  This is the BEST opportunity to snag any SW shoes you’ve been eyeing at a major discount. Most notably, my favorite Lowland boots (HUGE savings there! True to size) Sam Edelman: My cap-toes (pictured above–size down 1/2 size) are marked down–I wear them with EVERYTHING and they’re such a cute all-season shoe that is so classic–they’ll never go out of style! (Plus, they’re a great heel height!)  The best Gucci loafer dupes (run TTS–SO comfy, no break-in!) Tretorn: You’ve seen me wear these sneakers a bunch on the blog lately! They are also insanely comfy and run true to size!  Steven by Steve Madden:  The Greece sandals that are basically the only flat slides I wear in the summer are all included! They are the BEST for vacation!  Shop all shoes on sale here!   Some of my favorite denim and favorite leggings are included!  Levi’s:  Some of my absolute favorite jeans–I love their Wedgie jeans  (I have several pairs, they all fit a little differently but I would err on sizing up if you’re in between sizes) and their Wedgie shorts, too! Shop more Levi’s here.  Madewell:  All Madewell is included! My favorite white jeans are part of the sale! I wear them so much–they’re comfy, not see through, stretchy and soft but don’t bag out, and aren’t super high rise, so mid-rise lovers will like them too! Shop more Madewell here.  Spanx:  My favorite faux leather leggings, if you’ve been looking to add a pair to your wardrobe, now is a great time! Shop more Spanx leggings here!  J.Brand:  I HIGHLY recommend Maria High Rise Photo Ready Skinny jeans. They are insanely flattering! I love this black pair. I have a pair that is their dark blue/black that I’ve owned for literally like 4 years. Shop more J.Brand here!  Shop my pants and shorts picks:  This classic Madewell jean jacket is part of the sale (I know a lot of you guys have told me you’ve been searching for the perfect jean jacket!) There are also lots of cute faux leather jackets and moto jackets included as well. BBDakota especially has some cute ones! Shop more jackets here!  Shop my jacket and sweater picks:   So many favorites below that I’m loving for spring–many are great for weddings, too! This black LBD I wore out on Valentine’s Day is also included! It’s SO CUTE! Shop more dresses here!  Shop my dress + jumpsuit picks:    Most notably, Madewell bags are marked down!! Shop more bags here!  Shop my bag and earring picks:    Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Workout Leggings, White Lace Dresses, Sweater Cardigans, Black Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 5, 2014    Photos by the lovely Natalie Probst A couple weeks ago, I got together for a coffee date with my friends Ashlei and Maya. We decided the only thing better than hiding out in a cozy little cafe when the weather gets chilly, is having a silly photoshoot in said cafe when the weather is chilly. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 So obviously, we were grateful that Natalie was free that evening! And that Lovely Bake Shop closed at 6 but was kind enough to let us stay and finish our coffee (ahem…and our photoshoot). Have you ever been to Lovely Bake Shop? It might be the cutest place you’ve ever seen. And I happen to think their coffee might be the best this side of I-90/94 (which is saying quite a lot). So after that fabulous caffeine kicked in, you better believe things got a bit giggly. (Maya thinks she’s not a cute laugher, but I vehemently disagree.) Anyway, I couldn’t help but love the melting pot of fall styles happening here. You have Ashlei, in her ultra-cool-Parisian inspired look: essentially, how she took a graphic tee and made it the chicest thing you’ve ever seen. And Maya’s preppy-smart ensemble with a certain charm that can only be achieved by pairing classic tartan with incredible vintage-inspired jewels. Then, me rounding out the mix in a chunky, cozy sweater (the product of a recent Anthro binge) and super-girly leather bow. (I also didn’t get the “order the pretty cappuccino” memo, but luckily my friends at Lovely lent me a cute mason jar to compensate.)  What are you loving about fall right now?        Shop Coffeeshop Cozy  Be sure to head on over to Kinks Are The New Pink and Charmingly Styled today to see more details on their favorite fall attire! Filed Under: Chicago, Style  
Jess Zimlich says  November 5, 2014 at 1:55 pm You gals are too cute! And that donut….my lanta! 
jess keys says  November 6, 2014 at 4:34 am Aww thanks lady!! 
Katelyn says  November 5, 2014 at 3:02 pm Just found your blog through Maya! This post is literally thee cutest! Looks like fun  xo,Katelynkatelynnow.com 
Anna Baun says  November 5, 2014 at 3:44 pm Such an adorable post!  XO Annaalilyloveaffair.com 
jess keys says  November 6, 2014 at 4:34 am Aww thanks love!! You’ll have to join next time  
Liz Pinkham says  November 5, 2014 at 10:44 pm I don’t know if I want the donut or the cappuccino more!  So cute. 
jess keys says  November 6, 2014 at 4:33 am You can have BOTH! Let’s go sometime. It’s a date  […] Photo by Natalie Probst (original post here). […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Off Shoulder Dresses, Graphic Sweatshirts, Maxi Dresses With Sleeves, Tan Slides and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 16, 2015   Dress: M Dot Design c/o // Shoes: Dolce Vita c/o but I’m REALLY obsessed with these leopard sling backs // Bracelet: See Song Designs c/o // Earrings: Shopbop (similar here)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Happy almost Friday! WOAH MAN has it been kind of a whirlwind week! Sitting here writing this post at the breakfast bar at my sister’s house in Bend, OR! I’ll be back here visiting my family for the next week. I don’t remember the last time I traveled so much in just two weeks!  I got in late last night greeted by my three nephews, my sister, and their new dog (a chocolate lab that looks more like a big fat manatee), Bear. My mom got home a little later and we stayed up late catching up! It’s good to be home  Todays post was taken at one of my favorite spots, Nomi! (If you haven’t been there, check out my review here!) It’s the perfect let’s get dressed up and go for drinks place! And this dress is the perfect compliment. I’m so glad the weather is FINALLY warming up so I’ll be able to actually wear it! I love the gorgeous cream color, with the pop of interesting pattern, and obviously the best part–the back! I can’t wait to wear this gem over and over this summer. Every girl needs a go-to party dress, and this is definitely one of my favorites! Alright, now I’m off to girls brunch with my mom and sister. I’ll have a mimosa or two for you        Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Mini Satchels, Blue Jumpsuits, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, Red Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 13, 2019    Happy GALENTINE’S DAY!  Do you have any fun plans with your girlfriends today? I hope so! I’ll be going to my friend Meg’s Galentine’s Day party at her amazing furniture store Megmade! (She’s the one who made my headboard and my coffee table!) If you’re free, you should come by! I would love to meet you!  I honestly can’t believe it’s February 13th. Does time ever stop flying? On one hand, that’s crazy, on the other–hopefully this means that May will be here in the blink of an eye. ? Coming at you with another Mexico post today to keep you warm! If you missed the last few, here they are so you can play catch-up:  What I Packed for Mexico The best Maxi dresses for vacation My Top 10 Vacation Essentials  (Including some amazing Amazon steals!) — Now–you know me. You KNOW how I love my slinky camisoles. But I feel like sometimes we forget about them as warm weather essentials–we think of them as base layers to wear under blazers for work, as the perfect feminine top for date night, and so on, but not usually as “versatile vacation essential.”  But today, we’re going to change that ? You know how I’m always trying to teach you to see an outfit as a formula rather than looking at it so literally? This is a great example of that! You know that a camisole looks great for a winter date night with dark skinny jeans, statement earring, your favorite coat, and a swipe of red lipstick–right?  This is the same exact formula–we’ve just switched the setting. We’ve left the coat at home, we’ve traded the dark skinnies for white ones, and we’ve swapped pumps or booties for sandals.  SAME. THING!  Once you learn to see getting dressed as a formula, and you have a few of your favorites in your back pocket, it makes getting dressed for any occasion super easy!  This is what I love about the camisole–it’s one of the most versatile pieces you’ll ever own–I rarely travel anywhere without one!  Okay okay, you get it. If you don’t have one yet–you need one! The one I’m wearing here is from Everlane. It’s silk, but it’s not shiny silk–it’s a really nice fabric that is nice enough for work but not so nice that you won’t bring it on vacation. I own a lot of different camisoles though–I love the lace-trimmed versions too. (Especially for date night!) I will link some favorites below!    The same white jeans I’ve been wearing for what seems like forever on the blog now ?They’re Madewell’s high rise white skinnies and they are one of the only pairs I’ve found that isn’t see through and doesn’t bag out! They also aren’t super high for those who aren’t into high rise jeans–I would say they’re more of a high mid-rise! They’re super soft with the right amount of stretch! So many of you guys (readers of all shapes and sizes!) have professed your love of Madewell jeans to me–so if you haven’t tried a pair, definitely give it a shot! (FYI my next reader roundup is “best jeans for all shapes and sizes” which I’m working on now–get excited!)  Another thing you’ve seen ALLLL over this blog is this Amazon bag. It’s probably my proudest Amazon find to date, and it’s only $15. Not super high quality–but who needs an expensive bag on vacation?  My favorite sandals ever–I hope they never stop making them!! I own them in three colors and have worn them on vacation all over the place. They’re so comfortable, so cute, and they go with everything! You don’t even need to own any other sandals in my opinion! ?     Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Caitlin says  February 13, 2019 at 9:36 am The earrings make the outfit pop!!! I love baublebar!! http://www.themilestraveled.com 
Liz says  February 18, 2019 at 8:34 pm Such a fun outfit for vacation! I adore the little straw bag (I can’t believe it was only $15!!!!)!! So cute!  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Triangle Bikinis Tops, Platform Black Heels, Platform Pumps Shoes, Cutout Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 8, 2014  Happy Wednesday! I’m so excited to share this awesome tutorial from Cosmopolitan- not just because I’m constantly coveting fuller lips, but because that beautiful blonde with the pretty pout you see below is none other than my friend Anna! Anna is the voice (and photo snapper) behind @essiepolish and is a total superwoman. I couldn’t be more proud. How many of us can say they’ve been featured in Cosmo?




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Doesn’t she make a great model? Click here for the full article! What do you think? Will you try this tip to fake larger lips?  Filed Under: Beauty Tips, How to, Style  
Jesi says  January 18, 2014 at 1:07 am I LOVE how when you hit "like", the little hearts fly out!! How did you do that?! 
jess keys says  January 18, 2014 at 1:18 am Haha it’s actually part of my template! I use SquareSpace so I cannot take any of the credit for the programming! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes, Knit Turtlenecks, Shoes Wedges, Black Flat Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 25, 2018   Pssst my insanely comfy and chic woven slides are 50% off right now! Come in multiple colors, too!  Hiiiii! Happy Friday! What do you have planned for the long weekend? I officially know I’m really old because Neal is gone on a bachelor party and I’m planning to do things like ORGANIZE MY BATHROOM and READ. Like, WOW. (But seriously, I can’t wait.) There are a lot of Memorial Day sales happening at the moment, and I know I posted some top-line sale picks earlier this week, but yesterday I was able to really do a deep-dive into Nordstrom’s Half-Yearly sale (because, there are a LOT of good things and I feel like Wednesday’s post truly did not do the sale justice!) The criteria: Everything I selected is very budget-friendly (under $100, with the exception of a couple pairs of jeans, but that’s it–and LOTS under $50) and *at least at the time I selected it* was still in stock in most sizes! I also made sure to pick only things you could wear for multiple occasions and that you’re sure to get a lot of use out of this spring and summer! No point in spending money on something you can only wear one way, right?! Remember: This stuff is goes FAST, so if you see something you like, don’t hesitate, because it will be gone soon! Hope you have a wonderful Memorial Day Weekend!  SaveSave SaveSave Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Allie says  May 25, 2018 at 8:48 am I’m so excited the jean jacket is on sale! I love it when Nordstrom discounts staple items like that. Also, I want all the pajamas! So cute and comfy! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Candles, Camis And Tanks, Silver Sandals, Heeled Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 6, 2018   White Eyelet J.O.A. Dress (love this brand–shop more JOA here. BB Dakota is another brand I love with lot’s of cute summery dresses, and Shopbop in general has lot’s of cute day to night dresses right now, too!) Sneakers (TTS) This version would also be super cute here. Raffia Tote (it’s so roomy and packable too!) Sunnies (only $11!) White Jean Jacket–(c/o Vineyard Vines. Runs TTS!) This one is also similar and under $100! I’m so excited for today’s post because it’s a little bit different than my usual outfit posts–today we have a VERY special guest ?–one of my best friends, Shaheen, from Lows to Luxe! We’ve had the idea for awhile now to start a series where we both style one item different ways to showcase it’s versatility and to give you some creative outfit ideas! If you don’t follow Shaheen already, you should! (And not just because my BFF ?) She has amazing style–she wears a lot of versatile staples–a lot of times we’ll end up buying the same exact items on accident, but styling them in a totally different way! If I had to describe Shaheen’s style in one sentence, it would be “chic but approachable cool-girl style” ? (Sometimes if I want to edge-up my look I think, “how would Shaheen style this?”) Anyway, we’re hoping to continue this little series after she moves back home to Louisville at the end of the month and it will be a fun way to still feel like we get to work together even though she’ll be hundreds of miles away ? (I’m happy for you but sad for me, Shaheen!) ANYWAY. HAPPY THOUGHTS. Let’s talk about this LWD! We both decided to style this cute little white eyelet midi sundress by J.O.A. Have you heard of the brand? It’s one of my favorites–their designs are adorable and feminine and best of all, reasonably priced! This dress is under $103 and runs true to size (we’re both wearing a size small here because it’s Shaheen’s dress–it runs TTS for her but she has more up top than I do ? so it fit her well while it was slightly big on me, I would’ve gone with the XS, which is my normal size!)  I went the casual route with this dress, pairing with with crisp white sneakers and a white jean jacket for a fresh white on white look that is perfect for walking around and exploring the city. I love that it’s a bit unexpected–with the dainty, feminine details of the dress contrasting the casual tomboyish qualities of the sneakers. While it would also look adorable with a classic jean jacket (you know my love for my J.Crew one!) I went with a white version for a super fresh monochromatic look that can only be accomplished with white on white! For accessories, I kept it simple with a dainty necklace and a neutral raffia tote (ideal for the Farmer’s Market (and even better for vacation, because it’s packable!) it can hold a TON of stuff and has two roomy pockets inside–one that zips, too– for your makeup and valuables!       Shop Shaheen’s Look: White eyelet midi dress, Sam Edelman Heels (my favorites! So comfy!), Woven Bag (similar here, here, Shopbop has a lot of cute basket bags too!) Ray Ban Sunnies (shop more Ray Bans here), Earrings are old (but love these and these. Madewell and Baublebar are some of her favorite places to buy statement earrings!)  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  June 6, 2018 at 9:01 am What a great summer staple. The bows on the shoulders are so cute. I love it with the sneakers (truth be told I hate wearing heels, lol). Both of you look beautiful! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Graphic Hoodies, Embellished Sandals, Heeled Sandals, Slipper Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 11, 2018   Madewell wrap bodysuit, J.Crew sweater blazer, and J.Crew Straight Leg Cropped jeans (all top sellers this month!) and Everlane’s Day Boots Hii guys! I know my posting schedule has been super wonky lately (thank you for dealing!). So I figured to make up for the lack of posts last week and get a head start on Monday’s post. I’d do a weekend post instead, haha! I’m currently writing this from the Dublin airport on our layover to Portugal. We got in at 5am and wandered the entire concourse thinking there was NOTHING open only to find out we just went the wrong way and there were like 5 open pubs at the other end ?SO, luckily we have now snagged a Guinness and espressos and we are rocking and rolling again. ANYWAY! It’s been awhile since we did a “best sellers” list, which I always think are fun and helpful, at least, I always like to know popular recommendations when I’m shopping!  I haven’t actually posted an outfit post with this yet, but I linked it for you guys because I recently purchased it and I LOVE IT. If you need top options that are somewhat warm but also not frumpy for going out, this is IT! It’s too low cut for work though, just FYI. It’s suppperr flattering though! Sizing: I ordered a small so I think it’s TTS. (I’m usually a small or xs depending on how I want things to fit, but I went with small here and that was the right choice). The best part is that it has three rows of snaps on the crotch so it can accommodate different sized torsos and obviously easy removal for using the bathroom, haha! AH, big shocker here. Everyone’s favorite blazer cardigan. Yes, it’s worth the hype, and yes, many of you told me you’ve purchased it in every color and that I should do the same ? Sizing: It runs TTS. This is 30% off right now with code FRIENDS!  Both J.Crew coats I’ve been yapping about non-stop made the best seller list! The first is the “lady day” coat. It’s a super chic “nicer” coat that I love wearing out to dinner, etc. It has a really beautiful feminine shape and it’s made with their special “thinsulate” so it’s super warm without bulk! Sizing: It runs small, size up! The other best-selling coat, which is amazing for everyday, is the Cocoon coat. It’s also made of a super warm fabric–stadium cloth–and is the warmest cool coat you’re going to find for winter! (Many of you have asked if this can suffice as a “winter” coat in Chicago–you’re hilarious. NO. This will not replace your arctic parka, but it’s a really great option for say, 35 degrees and above, and when you want to look nice and not wear a puffer!) Sizing: It runs big, so size down unless you want a lot of layering room. This is 30% off right now with code FRIENDS!  This is rarely NOT on the most popular list–my Everlane silk button down! I wear it year-round. I also just ordered it in the most beautiful French blue! Sizing: Order your normal size, unless you don’t want it flowy. It’s supposed to be a relaxed fit. You guys LOVED these jeans from Social Threads! They’re such a good price point and are so soft, stretchy, and I love the button fly detail! If you’re looking for a great pair of skinnies that are a little bit different from your regular pair–I’d highly recommend these! See my full try-on session from Social Threads here! Sizing: Run TTS Another shocker–the camel striped tissue turtleneck ?AKA what I live in. I brought three tissue turtlenecks to Portugal with me. I’m going to turn into a tissue turtleneck. Sizing: These run TTS–I have them in both XS and S (telling you because you always ask what size I wear!) I’d say if you want it tight, go with the smaller size, and if you want it a bit looser, go with the larger size. 30% off right now with code FRIENDS!  When I want to pull on a pair of blue jeans lately, I reach for these. I have never really worn J.Crew’s jeans before but these are keepers. They are super stretchy and extremely soft–I absolutely love the straight leg, ankle length raw hem paired with the button fly. I think it really adds a little something extra to your outfits! Sizing: Run TTS. Order your normal size. 30% off right now with code FRIENDS!  My Hagrid sweater AKA Wubby Fleece. It’s the softest, coziest thing you will ever put on your body and I love the subtle grey color-blocking. When I get in the morning I pull this on immediately ?It’s also lined with super soft jersey t-shirt material which is heaven. It runs SUPER big. Sizing: I got a small, but would’ve gone XS if they carried it! Another Everlane staple–I love their cashmere sweaters and their mockneck crop is no exception. It’s classic, with a twist, and the cream color is really lovely–comes in other colors too! Sizing: Runs true to size Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Nimesh Ganatra says  November 12, 2018 at 4:56 am Great post!  Thanks for sharing this amazing post. 
Allyson says  November 12, 2018 at 11:32 am Love the honesty about Chicago’s cold winters – the amount of “winter” coats that I see bloggers push where I’m like… lol no. That’s a fall coat. You can wear that in October and April if you’re lucky! Hope your trip is a blast! 
AMANDA B MAHONY says  November 13, 2018 at 9:36 am “I’m going to turn into a tissue turtleneck.”
lol this is why i love your blog 
BI-FACIL DOUBLE-ACTION EYE MAKEUP REMOVER says  November 14, 2018 at 7:01 am Great post! These photos are gorgeous, and i love the little tidbit facts you threw in there.  It makes this article so much more interesting. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Leggings, Wedge Sandals, Sweaters And Cardigans, Striped Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 29, 2019  One of the best parts of summer as the weather starts to heat up? Concerts! Every summer I get asked for cute concert outfit ideas–and I finally got around to writing this post! Here’s the thing: I think we always tend to overthink what we’re wearing, but rest assured–not all concert outfits have to be super trendy, involve graphic tees, band tees, crop tops, or flower crowns! These 10 outfits are concert ready–yet cute, comfortable, classic–and I’d bet you already have a lot of these in your wardrobe already!   See full post here with more style tips: How to style a midi dress If you’re going to an outdoor concert where it’s going to be a little windy, a midi dress like this one is always a cute option! (This one is polka dot but a floral dress or even animal print would be just as adorable!) Pair it with classic white sneakers so your feet stay comfy, and don’t forget a denim jacket in case it gets chilly! It’s the perfect way to dress feminine but practical and casual at the same time!   See full outfit post here This is probably the most foolproof summer concert combination of all time. A cute, breezy, feminine crop top (I love this one because it can be dressed up for work with a pair of high waisted skinny pants!) and some cute but comfy flat sandals. I love this simple outfit especially for an outdoor concert–you don’t want to be worried about flashing people when sitting on a blanket, so shorts are always a good route to go. Plus, outdoor concert venues always seem to require a good amount of walking to and from the venue, so comfortable shoes are key! (Also, don’t forget your sunnies–these Ray Bans are my go-to pair!) It’s a great thing to wear to a country concert especially when you don’t want to pull out the cowboy boots!  If you wanted to edge things up a bit–you could totally add a black leather jacket and swap the sandals for sneakers!   Another “girly meets tomboy” combination–are you sensing a denim theme here? I love this little jumper because it’s lightweight and incredibly soft (not like normal denim, it’s more of a soft chambray material!) This is especially great for a date, because it shows off your figure while still being practical, cool, and comfortable at the same time. I think this is also a really cute thing to wear for a music festival when you aren’t trying to rock what is essentially the popular crop top and underwear look that we see all over instagram these days.   A camisole and jeans is always my go-to combination (which you’ll be able to see below, haha!) It’s the perfect “what to wear when you don’t have anything to wear” combination. Here I’m wearing the Everlane silk camisole with Madewell white skinny jeans–no matter what concert you’re going to, this will always be suitable for the occasion! (Especially if it’s somewhere indoors because sometimes that AC can get CHILLY! Pants are always welcome there!) Also, you’ve seen this purse A LOT. It adds the perfect summer twist to any outfit, it’s lightweight, holds just the essentials, and best of all–it’s $15!   I think smocked tops are so adorable, and also very flattering–it accentuates the waist but disguises those extra summer beers you tend to enjoy when patio weather is in full swing. ?My top is from last year, but this one and this one are similar and so cute! These shorts are old and not available anymore, but here’s the two pairs I do recommend:  AGolde Parker Cutoff Jean Shorts: These are DEFINITELY an investment, but I’m not going to lie, I haven’t found a pair of jean shorts I loved EVER like I love these. I live in jean shorts so much during the summer, that the price per wear really evens out. I think it’s nearly impossible to find comfortable, flattering shorts that aren’t too short–and I finally bit the bullet after hearing every blogger I know rave about them for like 2 years, haha! (Plus, Shopbop has Amazon Prime shipping + free returns!)  Treasure and Bond High Waist Boyfriend Shorts: If the above aren’t in your budget, I totally get it. These are another great option that are half the price, and they also solve the “not too short shorts” issue! I love the relaxed fit and the high waist.   If you’re looking for a comfortable, flattering pair of high-waisted, lightweight, perfectly stretchy and soft cutoff straight-leg jeans– these button fly straight leg jeans from J.Crew are it! (Boyfriend jeans would also look super cute here for a more relaxed look!) I absolutely love them and they’d make a perfect combo for a concert with a black top and any animal print or leopard sandals.  I have always wanted to attend “concerts on the terrace” at the Modern Art Museum, and I think this would be the perfect thing to wear! Cool, classy, and comfortable! You can’t go wrong with Everlane’s Japanese Go-Weave dresses and jumpsuits–they are this awesome material that lays beautifully, is wrinkle resistant, and keeps you cool! You can snag this exact one for 40% off right now!   This is my go-to outfit for basically everything–therefore, it also becomes a perfect concert outfit! No matter what kind of concert it is–rock concert, country concert, free concert at the park, you won’t feel inappropriately dressed! The slinky camisole is classic and feminine, and the Wedgie jeans bring a little dose of rocker chic!    See full post here with more style tips: Four Classic Yet Modern Ways to Style a Denim Skirt If you live in Chicago, you know attending free concerts in the park are such a fun part of summer! This would be a perfect thing to wear to a “concert in the park” date. It’s cute, super casual, and comfortable! (You could also sub for my fave jean shorts linked above if you’re not into the skirt!)   This is basically the same outfit formula as my “cami and wedgie jeans” outfit linked above, but with a more feminine twist. Go with a pretty cami, edge it up with some raw edge jeans, and for a more feminine touch, add some espadrille wedges!   The last time I wore this outfit was in Italy, but don’t let that fool you. It’s great for a summer concert as well! (Random, but also cute for a baseball game, too!) Feel free to cycle in your favorite band or team t-shirt instead of stripes!   Last but not least! Sometimes a great white tank (this one is truly the best–great for knotting and it keeps you so cool!), jeans, and heels are the perfect thing. (Top off with a white denim jacket–it looks so crisp!) Optional: Sub black jeans here if that’s more your vibe! I love this dressed-up casual look for a date night concert–just make sure you’ll have seats, otherwise, swap for flats!   Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sleeveless Dresses, Black Pumps Sale, Formal Gowns, Hanky Panky Panties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 28, 2018   Pssst my favorite faux-leather jacket and dark high-waisted jeans are on sale today!  Hi guys! Happy halfway through the week day! (Although for a portion of last night I totally thought today was Thursday ?) More importantly, happy LAST DAY OF FEBRUARY!! How has your week going? Yesterday was quite eventful. I went to the dentist. (That’s it.) I also got out of the house to work at a coffee shop for a little bit! It was a great excuse to walk around and enjoy the perfect weather we had! (Spring weather! Eeeek!) It makes me SO excited for Spring clothes and to shut away ALL the boots for several months. ? (Hopefully it stays that way ? March=OFFICIALLY Spring! Eeek!) If you’re also excited about Spring clothes (and about buying a few pieces for your Spring wardrobe!) I have good news: the best ever Spring sale has sprung–the Shopbop Boy More, Save More sale! This is honestly one of my favorite sales of the whole year because there is SO MUCH in-season stuff on sale. Usually with the big sales it’s all end-of-season merch, but not this one. Amazing sandals, bathing suits, pretty floral dresses, adorable handbags and more–all discounted! 15% off orders over $200+ 20% orders over $500+ 25% off orders over $800+  I recommend getting some girlfriends together to place one big order, because then you can make sure you take advantage of the full 25% off! (Hey, that’s why Venmo was invented, right?) There are SO many good things on sale, I’m rounding them up for you below, but a special call-out to a few goodies I ordered: This adorable floral wrap dress: I can’t wait to wear this for date night! This sweet polka dot sun dress: (you can also pair it with a cute cardigan to wear now!) It would look SO cute with these sneakers! This small blush Madewell cross-body: It has a gold chain and I love how structured it is. The blush is a great neutral–I don’t really have a spring/summer going out cross-body so I’m excited to wear this a ton this season. These white ruffle slides with the gold buckle detail: Can you believe these are Kate Spade?! I haven’t bought anything Kate Spade in so long. But they are seriously the cutest slides I’ve ever seen. These Soludo Espadrille Wedges: I’ve been eyeing them for years and it really was time to pull the trigger. This Free People Henley: I actually first saw this when Amanda wore it on her Instagram stories! It looked SO comfy, I had to order one! I don’t really have many casual t-shirts, and I love its retro vibe! Looks like a really comfy shirt for travel or a lazy weekend! Right now I’ll pair it with my Levi’s wedgie jeans (also on sale!) but as it gets warmer it will look super cute with jean shorts! Hover over the image to see the price! (Remember, it’s the PRE discount price!)   Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Allie says  February 28, 2018 at 12:57 pm I love your picks! They are all so fresh looking for spring! Solidis espadrilles are my favorite, I might just need another pair…xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Stephanie Bevan says  February 28, 2018 at 5:47 pm So many cute options! I think you’ve successfully convinced me I need the BB Dakota jacket. It’ll work so well in my closet! 
Erin Lucy says  March 1, 2018 at 12:43 pm I love your sale picks! Thanks for the ideas! Erin
https://explorelovelive.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Jeans, Embellished Sandals, Sweater Cardigans, Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 4, 2014   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Instead of the daily Friday link roundup, I thought it was my duty to tell you about the amazing sale going on right now about Anthropologie. Save 15% off on all the plates, glasses, and various other kitchen items you’ve been drooling over, plus other amazing home goods like duvet covers, pillows, and more! The good news is — now you can actually stomach the price tag! Shop my favorite sale items below.  !function(){function rs_shopping_widget_111732() {setTimeout(function() {try {var transport = new easyXDM.Socket({remote:"http://www.currentlyobsessed.me/api/v1/get_widget?wp=31|the+golden+girl+blog|111732",container: document.getElementById("rs-shopping-widget-111732"),swf: "http://www.currentlyobsessed.me/js/easyXDM-2.4.15.118/easyxdm.swf",onMessage: function(message, origin) {this.container.getElementsByTagName("iframe")[0].style.width = "100%";this.container.getElementsByTagName("iframe")[0].style.height = message + "px";var d = parent.document.getElementById("rs-shopping-widget-111732");var d_nested = document.getElementById("rs-intro-loader");if (d_nested) {var throwawayNode = d.removeChild(d_nested)}}});} catch(e) {rs_shopping_widget_111732();}}, 100);}rs_shopping_widget_111732();}();  Filed Under: Style  
connie dimaggio says  April 16, 2014 at 2:05 pm i have a question!! i read an article by melanie pace, who contributes to everygirl.com (that’s how i found YOUR name!!!) & she mentioned that "white clothes don’t last as long as darker ones". i could not find any place to ask HER, but would YOU happen to know WHY that is true????????   i’m baffled by that statement!   thank you sooo much! sincerely, conniechap2002@yahoo.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Mini Bags, Wedge Black Shoes, Grey Coats, Pink Sneakers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 10, 2016       Happy Friday!!  I can’t believe I’m saying this–but it’s going to be sweltering 90 degree weather in Chicago this weekend! It’s about that time of the year–to stock up on adorable beach towels! I noticed that One Kings Lane has a ton of them right now–so it inspired me to round up my favorites from a handful of stores!  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

This week has been so hectic–the past two days consisting of trying to nail down some type of wedding plan, running around the city with Kelly, Blair, and Shaheen wedding dress shopping (EEEK!) and also working behind the scenes on a very exciting Blogging For Keeps project. I’m feeling a little scattered these days, but I’m hoping to wrap up the madness before our trip to Paris. (P.S. See my Paris Packing List here!)  What are you doing this weekend? My only solidified plans as of now are to post up at several outdoor bars–I’m really outdoorsy like that, you know   Have an amazing weekend!  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  June 10, 2016 at 5:18 pm So much beach towel cuteness! Great list! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Pumps Heels, Embroidered, Short White Dresses, Yellow Bikinis and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 2, 2018   Picture shelves: Wayfair (they have SO many to choose from! They’re just two sets put together in the corners!) Picture frames: Wayfair picture frames (also love white frames!) Cowskin rug: Similar cowskin rug, Dining table: West Elm table–it’s expandable! I also love their walnut version! Wayfair Black Bistro Chairs, Vintage Rattan Chairs: Beehive Chicago, (but these are a similar look!) Candlestick holders: vintage (so many available on Etsy! You can buy them in bulk!), Wood platter: similar acacia wood platter, Coffee pot: old from Target, Sheepskin rug: IKEA–Similar here and here!  GUYS!!! Our picture wall is finally complete! (I only put it up like 6 months ago and then just never got around to replacing the stock photos ?) I’m REALLY GOOD AT LIFE. Admittedly, they’d still be stock photos if not for my friend Cassandra helping me with this project. Thank you Cass!  ANNNYWAYY, this little corner is where I spend about 10 hours of my day. Our dining table is my desk, so you could say I spend more time in this area than every other area of our house combined. I always wanted to do something with the blank walls in the corners and originally wanted a traditional gallery wall, but then Kira suggested doing a photo ledge wall coming out of the corners (something I NEVER would’ve come up with on my own!) and I can’t believe I finally got around to bringing it to life! If you live in Chicago and need an interior designer, I can’t recommend her enough! I can’t believe how much homier the whole room looks now–I absolutely love it. In the past year or so, I’ve definitely noticed my style becoming more streamlined and “grown up”–almost. My taste has always been very eclectic–I love a mix of old and new and a hodge-podge of styles all mixed together (I think that results in the most character!) and while a few years ago, I probably would’ve chosen a mix of different frames, artwork, and photos, I wanted this to be a simple–all black and white color scheme. I couldn’t be happier with how it turned out. When we first put the photo shelves up, I didn’t have enough frames to fill the space, so I pulled some black and white album covers from our record collection to pop up there to fill up the space–originally I just did it as a placeholder but we absolutely loved the effect and it felt very “us”–so we kept them! I think it’s such a cool way to display your favorite records–even if you didn’t have any picture frames!  I love Wayfair (it’s kind of my go-to for home decor) and they make it really easy to do this in any room you’d like! That’s where the shelves and the frames are from. It was so easy! All you have to do is choose your picture shelves, then pick your favorite picture frame set. I did a LOT of research on where to get the best bang for your buck with picture frames (why are they SO expensive?!) and Wayfair was the cheapest I found. You can get a full set of frames for about $100–which is tough to beat! You can go with a mixture of different sizes, or if you want an even more streamlined look, go with one size (I’d recommend going with a larger size like 8 x 10 if you went this route!) You could go with wood shelves like these or these for a more rustic feel, or metal shelves for a sleeker feel! You can also do white frames for a lighter more minimalist feel, or these cute white wedge floating shelves for a more modern look!        Filed Under: Home Decor, Style  
ML says  November 2, 2018 at 9:41 am Was there a specific shelf set you used specifically for corners? 
Katy B says  May 23, 2019 at 7:32 pm YAS! This is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you so much for posting a classy, timeless way to display photos in your house!  Love, love, love it! […] Cover & Main // 1 // 2 // 3 // 4 // 5 // 6 // 7 // […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sundresses, Blouses On Sale, Pink Flat Shoes, Long Black Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 9, 2018   Button down: J.Crew Boyfriend Button down–I’m wearing a size 2 because I like them oversized! Available at Nordstrom and J.Crew! Also dying for this floral button down! Also this button down with DOG PRINT!? I love this wide striped short sleeve button down too and this multi-colored striped short sleeve version! Jeans: Everlane Kick Crop Jeans: run TTS but they stretch quite a bit, just FYI. I absolutely LOVE these jeans and wear them several times a week! I think they’re so cute and such an easy way to add more personality to your outfit! Abercrombie has a very similar pair on sale right now! They have awesome jeans (this high-rise skinny pair is my favorite! I would say they are very similar to Madewell in terms of fit and quality!) This pair from Nordstrom is also a similar white cropped pair! Red heels: Everlane Day Heels (also one of my top Everlane obsessions! You won’t find a more comfortable pair of heels anywhere! They’re called the “day” heels because you can truly wear them all day!) Come in TONS of colors, and also in suede! White sandals: Kate Spade–I can’t say I’ve gotten many chances to actually wear these but I’m excited for when I finally can!! They run TTS and are on sale! Trench: London Fog (see my whole post on why I love this coat and tons of ways to wear it!)It’s probably the most versatile coat I own (has a removable hood and liner, which makes it super warm!) There is also this version that is a bit longer! LOFT also has SUCH a cute one! Leather jacket: from when I studied abroad in Italy but similar here and here! Straw bag: Vintage, but similar here and you can see my whole roundup of favorite straw bags here! Leather Tote: Madewell Transport Tote – hands down the most used bag in my closet–it fits SO MUCH stuff for travel and work! Plus, its insanely lightweight, high quality (I carry around like 30 pounds of stuff in it on the regular and the handles have held up phenomenally!) Comes in so many colors and different sizes, too! Earrings: Amazon (like, $10!!!) Sunnies: Ray Ban Wayfarers (Tortoise, but also come in black!) I also love these similar $50 sunnies by Quay! Happy Monday, guys!! How was your weekend? We celebrated two different birthdays–I was in Memphis for my friend Ally’s 30th birthday, and Neal was at the lake celebrating his mom’s birthday with his fam! We were both sad that we couldn’t be in two places at once but it was still a blast. Memphis was a ton of fun and it was great to have a reunion with some of my best college girlfriends–I had a REALLY early flight home though at 6am so I’m still recovering from the lack of sleep ? Anyway, you remember Neal’s Spring Favorites post from last week, right? This is the second half of that post–we shot them both the same Sunday (back when it was actually really nice outside! Those days will hopefully be here permanently soon ?) This outfit combination is perfect for so many occasions–it’s polished and classic while still being easygoing, casual and on-trend. Today I’m showing you how just a swap of some shoes and a jacket can transform the look to go from cooler temperatures to warmer weather! The shirt: I love the frenchie-esque vibe of this button down, which is so cute for spring and summer. It’s lightweight too, so it will still keep you cool! I love tying it up in a knot to make it more casual, but you can also do a little front-tuck (would be great for work!) Shop more cute button downs for spring:    The pants: These are the Everlane “Kick Crop” jeans, but I call them my “kickie pants” because I thought that’s what they were called originally ? I love the straight leg, the high-rise, and the raw hem. Did you know you can actually customize them to whatever length you want?? They give you instructions on how to do it! (I mean, honestly, all you do is take a pair of scissors and cut them…but yeah ?) Shop Everlane Kick Crops + Similar:      Let’s be real–it’s NOT sandals weather yet, and it likely might not be for several more weeks, so until then, I’ll be wearing this ensemble with my Everlane Day Heels and my Trench Coat for quite awhile. This look is also great if your work environment is more casual yet you still want to look polished and professional–I definitely would’ve worn this outfit for a day of client meetings in my ad agency days!     For a more casual version of the outfit, swap it for a pair of flat sandals. I absolutely LOVE these newbies I recently got from Kate Spade! The combination of the ruffles and the polished gold chain detail make them feel really polished while remaining casual at the same time. They also come in gold and are on sale for $117 right now! They will definitely be coming with me to Mexico in a couple of weeks! Huzzah! I also traded the trench coat for a lighter leather jacket, which is my go-to for spring and summer nights out when the temperature gets a little chilly! SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  April 9, 2018 at 11:07 am What classic combinations! I love pieces that can easily transition from season to season. Also, those earrings look awesome! xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Long Sleeve Maxi Dresses, Black Flats, Gold Lariat Necklaces, Black Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 12, 2013  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I am so excited to finally be able to share with you my latest obsession from Zara, which doubles (triples?) as a scarf/poncho/cape, all in one neat little item. Someone at work today even told me they really wanted an adorable plaid blanket just like mine (thanks?) It’s basically like an entire layer you can shove in your bag and pull out like Mary Poppins (I’ve already done that, you know). I love that each side has a chic plaid print, which pretty much ensures you’ll be looking top-notch no matter what you decide to pair it with. A perfect fall-to-winter transition piece, which is great for Chicago seeing as it was 45 degrees when i walked to work but 28 degrees when I was walking home. One of my favorite items to pair it with are my new Zara booties. Yes, they sucked me on the same day I made the scarf purchase. Fine, the entire day was an impulse shopping trip, but if not for my moment of weakness you wouldn’t know about these two fall must-haves. Justification enough, don’t you think? You’re welcome.       What I’m wearing: scarf: zara, jeans: paige, booties: zara, jewelry: jcrew & my grandmother’s & mother’s, lipstick: revlon just bitten lipstain in gothic, sunglasses: ralph lauren  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Chokers, Tassel Earrings, Denim Capris, Black Formal Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 9, 2018   Shirt: Stock MFG (designed by Neal! On presale right now for $45!) Run TTS, Neal is wearing Medium, his normal size.  Jeans: Levi’s 511 jeans  (Neal also has the 512’s in a dark wash which he usually wears to go out!) The only two pairs of jeans he ever wears and he loves them. Both run TTS. Sneakers: Cole Haan GrandPro sneakers (they are SO lightweight and comfortable, and are the perfect shoe if your guy loves the comfort of sneakers, but you’d rather him look a little more polished!) They come in lot’s of other colors, too! Also TTS. The best part: they’re easy to keep clean! Sunnies: Ray Ban “General” Aviators –Neal loves these because the lenses are distinct but not overwhelming on the face, and they can be dressed up or down (he wears these with a suit most sunny work days).  Perfectly at home at the beach or at spring wedding.  He also has the classic aviators which we both love as well. Hi Guys!  It’s Neal.  I hope you are all having a great week!  If the title of this post did not give it away enough, we have been working on a cool collaboration that we are so excited to share!!   So If you have been following Jess for any period of time, you know that when it comes to casual clothes I wear, I stick to just a few brands.  If you see me on Instagram stories, there is usually about an 80% chance that I am wearing a Stock MFG shirt. They are my favorite clothing brand based right here in Chicago, and long story short, I got to design a shirt for them–it goes on pre-sale today, and we couldn’t be more excited! (More on that in a second–we’re sharing a special discount code, too, just for you guys!) I was originally introduced to Stock almost 4 years ago. When Jess dragged me (literally kicking and screaming) to ____(*honey I can’t remember the name of that pop up shop they have on Sundays?* Jess’ edit: Dose Market ?) on an NFL Sunday.  The Bears probably lost anyways, and I ended up having a lot of fun and buying what is still my very favorite travel jacket, met a few of the Stock guys who designed what would become said favorite jacket, and since then I have been completely hooked on the brand.  Everything the design is made here in the states. The vast majority of their manufacturing happens here in Chicago too!  If this is your first time hearing about the brand, chances are you’ve already seen some of their work–they design and make uniforms for some of the city’s top restaurants and bars, too – Publican, GT Prime, and Soho House to name a few.   Three Midwestern guys without formal training in apparel who wanted to design and make great clothes here in Chicago.  They learned the business from the ground up, started their own company, and they make badass clothes-their combination of quality, fit, unique fabrics, and fair pricing drives their success.   The guys (Jim, Mike, and Tim by the way) are fashionable guys, but they aren’t fashion guys. They’re guys just like me, your husband, your boyfriend, your brother, or your best guy friend. You can confidently send (or take) your guys to the Stock shop and expect a cool, approachable vibe, comfortable furniture, and cold beer on tap.   I like that when I walk in, I find clothes on the rack that are ready to be worn today.  These guys don’t put spring stuff up in February.  The idea is to look great with minimal effort and they nail it.  If I sound too biased, just remember that I’m not being paid for this (granted, we do get a commission on each shirt sold, so, if you care to buy, thank you in advance!) and I was buying Stock shirts when the only reader of the Golden Girl was Jess’ Mom (hi Lynn, love you!!)  The short story is Jim came to us with a pretty unique idea. which eventually lead to the launch of the Better Half Collection today! The idea: Stock would team up with three local influencers and their husbands. They would design a few items for their newest collection. Items that their wardrobe was currently lacking. Items that they couldn’t find anywhere else. Jess and I loved it from the beginning. So we looped in (who else?) Mitch and Kelly and Conor and Danielle who designed some awesomely unique, yet classic pieces (which we’ll get to in a second).  As for me?  Well… you got a white T-shirt.  You may chalk this up to laziness or lack of creativity, but I promise this design idea was much more about filling a void in my wardrobe. Jess assured me that you guys love a good white tee, so we figured this would be right up your guys’ ally too ? Sunny weather calls for soft, breathable white cotton. A crew neck often looks like Hanes underwear and wearing nothing but V-necks makes me feel terribly basic, terribly Jersey Shore family vacation, or both.   I love long-sleeved Henley shirts in the fall and winter, but have always struggled to find great short-sleeved Henley tees. When I have found them they are generally too nautical for my taste. I have never EVER seen a white Henley tee that I would actually wear.  So guess what?  We made one.      While the look is pretty simple, a lot went into this design.  I wanted to make something that was as comfortable as any t-shirt your guy would wear, but also much more fashionable.  Warmer weather means versatility is paramount, so we designed a shirt that can easily transition from a casual office Friday, to sipping drinks along the river after work, to dinner with you or his friends.  The buttons give the shirt more of an old-school feel. Plus make it classy enough to swap for a polo shirt. The sleeves make it polished enough for any classy but non-formal evening event.   I absolutely love how the shirt turned out, and I hope you all do too!  You will see it on me often all spring and summer long! It’s trim, but not overly slim. Fitted enough to make it polished, but not too tight that your guy will awkward wearing it. $45–but you can save 15% by entering code JESSANDNEAL15 at checkout! It’s a high-quality wardrobe staple that won’t break his (or your!) wallet. So then really it’s $38! ? You can purchase my henley, and everything else from the Better Half collection (see more about the other items in the line below!) on their website starting today! These are pre-sale. So the items won’t ship out for a couple more weeks. (Because they’re handmade in the USA, and good things take time!). Still snap them up now because there aren’t too many and we expect them to go fast!       I hope you (and your guys) really enjoy what we put together in collaboration with Stock!  The team worked hard to create something unique, comfortable, breathable, and stylish.  I must say that after a lot of back and forth, I think we nailed this tee.   Thank you to all of you that read my wife’s work each day or each week.  I am proud to play a small role on the GG, and I am super proud of this project–thank you for always being our cheerleaders, and should you decide to ever become Stock customers, thanks for helping support a small Chicago brand that we love!  SaveSave Featuring a Japanese weather cloth shell and custom horn buttons, Mitch added a blue striped lining to give the trench a little pop of the prep that Kelly is known for. Make sure to enter code JESSANDNEAL15 for 15% off! When we all met to kick off this project, became quite clear that Conor had a deep knowledge of menswear (seriously, we were like “Conor, are you a secret menswear designer?!” ? They kicked a lot of ideas around, and actually ended up really resonating with two. First up was Conor’s quest to find a good oxford cloth popover with a spread collar. He was having trouble finding a contemporary garment crafted from a more casual material without a button down collar. The Stock guys loved the idea, and jumped at the chance to develop this popover. They used a super soft, 100% cotton oxford and custom Stock buttons….and not much else. This a clean, classic, simple garment that will look cool with shorts or under a suit (year round, too)- and is extremely comfortable! Make sure to enter code JESSANDNEAL15 for 15% off! SaveSave The second piece designed with Conor and Danielle is another classic – the French Blue Chore Coat. Popularized by famed fashion photographer Bill Cunningham, this jacket is a garment that can be dressed up with a tie and chinos, but makes its bones being put to work. Crafted from a 7 oz sanded twill and unlined, this piece will be a trusty standby on damn near any occasion. Make sure to enter code JESSANDNEAL15 for 15% off! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  May 9, 2018 at 8:42 am My husband will love this shirt. Congratulations!
Allie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Allyson says  May 9, 2018 at 10:06 am Yep… this might be on the Fatber’s Day list!!! 
Allyson says  May 9, 2018 at 10:07 am Fatber’s or Father’s… either way, on the list. ??‍ 
Erin |Kelly says  May 9, 2018 at 11:24 am Absolutely love it and this is the PERFECT gift for my dad & bro in Canada. It’s impossible for any guy not to want one. Ideal. So cool that you both ‘created’ it! Plus all of the guys just love you both and they love Neal. So, I’ll tell them ‘Neal made this’ – haha – they’ll die. 
grace atwood says  May 10, 2018 at 9:51 am This is so cool! Congrats to you guys!!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Jumpsuits, Black Flats, Pink Bikinis, Triangle Bikinis Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 10, 2014  I love taking photos. I love photography in any form, really. You can imagine the thrill I got out of having all that fresh Oregon scenery at my disposal- all for me to capture from behind my lens! In the words of Karl Lagerfeld, what I like about photographs is that they capture a moment that’s gone forever, impossible to reproduce.  I think that’s what I love about these- the moment they captured. These photos started out as a quest for the perfect outfit shoot location- preferably with a lot of trees (which have become very foreign to me despite years growing up in the Pacific Northwest. These days all I know is the concrete jungle of #Chiberia.) Now, when I look at these pictures, I remember how much fun it was goofing around in the sticks to get the perfect photo (and a lot of silly ones too.) The ones of Neal and I also make me laugh thinking about how cute my peanut-sized mom looked behind my giant camera, fussing with her reading glasses and trying to figure out which button to push (thanks Mom!)  I think in 2014 I will resolve to take more photos of the two of us. It’s so much fun to relive those moments over again. I’ll hope you’ll be along for the journey!    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
         Shop Neal Shop Jess  Filed Under: Style  
Amy says  January 17, 2014 at 10:31 pm You two are a gorgeous couple!   And I’m sorry for the nonstop comments today.  When I find a blog I like, I tend to explore past posts.   
jess keys says  January 18, 2014 at 1:17 am Thank you, Amy! So sweet! And I LOVE when readers leave me comments! Explore away!  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tassel Earrings, Trendy Tops, White Sleeveless Blouse, Triangle Bikinis Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 27, 2015   Jacket: BB Dakota via Shopbop (c/o) (old, but similar here and here) // Dress: Zara (similar here) // Scarf: borrowed from my roommate, Melissa (very similar here and here) // Booties: Pour la Victoire // Bag: J.Crew (c/o) // Umbrella: Nordstrom x Topshop (sold out, but love this similar Kate Spade version).  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 WELP. It snowed again. So, there’s that. You didn’t REALLY think you’d be able to pack up those winter coats without a fuss, did you? Nope! Pull out those tights again, sister!  Tights aside, I refuse to put my puffy coat back on without a fight. Which is why I settled for a little leather jacket instead. (It’s actually surprisingly warm.) Even in the snow though, I love that this bright J.Crew tote cheers me up and reminds me that spring is coming eventually. (And it’s 25% off with code HAPPYSPRING!) Also in lovvveeee with this bag, too!) So, until next time, I’m going to put my sunglasses on and pretend winter can’t see me. Then maybe it will go away. Have a great weekend, everyone!      Photos by Kelly Larkin Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Wedge Sandals, Flat Silver Shoes, Knit Turtlenecks, Blouses On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 30, 2017   Yellow Pom Pom Romper: Nordstrom (it’s on sale right now for $26!!!) Also, how cute is this yellow polka dot romper (under $50!) and this off the shoulder floral one? Also, this little yellow sundress for only $39! (The back is so cute and strappy!) // Sandals: Splendid (also available in black and white–the black is on major sale!!) I LOVE everything Splendid makes–it’s all so comfortable! I’ve also got my eye on this similar espadrille version – tons of their shoes are on sale here right now too! // Earrings: Baublebar–they come in about 85 colors not even joking, and they also come in a mini version (I also love these white and gold tassel earrings! I also love these fringe drop ombre earrings! // Necklace: Similar here in gold and here in rose gold and similar here // Bracelets: Monica Vinader and Kendra Scott // Hat: Nordstrom–B.P. has so many cute affordable beach hats right now! // Bag: Cult Gaia (there’s currently a waiting list, but the next pre-order ships out in a few weeks, so get in now and you won’t have to wait too long! See yesterday’s post for the full 411 about it! Do people still say “the 411”?) // Hair: Curled with the T3 Micro wand  FRIDAY!! It’s heeereeee! Woah, like “4th of July Weekend”–what’s happening? I feel like I just took a nap and it was January and then I woke up in July. What’s in the water?! I keep forgetting that it’s my birthday next week (the 9th) because I still feel like it’s supposed to be winter. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Are you taking a long weekend? At first I was a little annoyed that 4th of July was on a Tuesday and then I realized what this actually meant was essentially…FOUR DAY WEEKEND! Bahh! We’re spending the weekend hanging out at home and then will spend a night or two up at the lake (and we get to see OTTO!) Neal’s family got a Golden Retriever puppy last week and he is seriously the cutest thing I’ve ever seen. (Photographic evidence here.) He sleeps in your arms like a baby and he is so calm and well-behaved. It hurts to look at him he’s so adorable and it’s all I can do not to smuggle him home with us in my tote bag. Anyway, like all major holiday weekends, there are lot’s of sales happening and some good savings to be had! One of them being, er, actually, pretty much this WHOLE summer outfit, but most noteworthy, this yellow pom pom romper on sale for $26! It’s currently fully stocked too but I don’t anticipate it being around for much longer, so you’ll definitely want to snap it up  It runs true to size! Also on sale (in certain colors) are my favorite comfy flats from Splendid that I wear basically every day. Shipping is free on both, duh. Baublebar (where my earrings are from!) is also having a massive sale, up to 75% off! Shop similar summer outfits:  I’ll be posting my other on sale favorites and a sale list later today, so make sure to check back if you’re looking to stock up during the sales this weekend!        



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

    Photos by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold And Silver Jewelry, Flat Silver Shoes, Denim Mini Skirts, Black Clutches and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 12, 2013   timeless jackie, timeless coat!    trenches on the street: this trench adds a bit of sophistication to this otherwise funky outfit   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Emma Watson staying classy    cream & zara. enough said   Lately I’ve been finding myself wasting an unthinkable amount of time daydreaming about purchasing a classic, tan trench coat. And who can blame me? They add the perfect amount of polish to any outfit- whether it’s jeans and a t-shirt or your saturday night finest. It’s one of the original staples of fashion, second to only the Little Black Dress. Here’s your dose of history for the day: the trench was originally created for army officers in WWI. Thanks to it’s practicality and sophistication, it didn’t stay in the trenches for long. The moment this classic beauty hit the streets, the world was forever changed. So, this is my question. What on earth is a broke girl to do to satisfy her thirst for Burberry trenches? Thank god, there’s always eBay! Filed Under: Style, Styling tips  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Off White Pumps, Black Pj Sets, Blouses On Sale, Pink Sneakers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 8, 2014   This message brought to you from a French restaurant where the live piano karaoke is currently catering to a certain circle my Grandma Marilyn might run with. I planned for an after work glass of wine and an hour or two of work, but instead ran into this group of vocally talented seniors. I’m not complaining, it’s actually the best surprise of my day, I’m just asking you to forgive any typos in the event that a grammatical error slips by due to the wine and Betty White double belting Billie Holiday 10 feet away from my table. I think it’s safe to say I’m not the only Golden Girl in the vicinity.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Now that I’ve given you all the details, we should probably talk about this amazing skirt from Georgie + Elaine (c/o). There’s nothing I love more than a good combo of patterns and textures, and this skirt made it all too easy. Being my favorite color, a flattering mini cut, complete with plenty of sophisticated textural details — it was basically my dream come true. This type of combination is always an easy go-to. It doesn’t take a ton to create some interest, which makes it a winner in my (lazy) book. It’s quickly become one of my favorite versatile spring pieces — you could say I love it more than Granny’s rendition of My Funny Valentine (and that’s a lot.) Happy almost Friday!               Sweater: Loft, Skirt: Georgie + Elaine (c/o), Shoes: Zara, Necklace, Shamelessly Sparkly (c/o), Purse: Vintage   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  […] Being the print-mixing fiend that I am, I wore it with my favorite striped sweater (also styled here). My new silver Badgley Mischka sandals I scored at the Gilt City Warehouse Sale were ideal travel […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heel Sandals, Saddle Bags, White Sleeveless Blouse, Gowns For Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 4, 2014  Fresh off the plane from Oregon, I am so ready for the weekend! A lazy Saturday sounds like a great cure for that 4 hour flight and extra jet lag.  Neal & I had so much fun visiting my family back home for the holidays (more on that in a post to come!) This particular shoot was a breath of fresh air (literally) and a nice change of scenery to my Gold Coast concrete jungle setting.  Having found this coat on sale at Anthropologie the day before I left Chicago, I was so excited both because my wardrobe was severely lacking in medium weight coats and I felt ombre wool in particular really exuded outdoorsy central oregon hipster. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Anyway. I pretty much lived in my new coat and hardly ever removed these cowboy boots, which were my 1 year anniversary present from Neal (purchased on our Nashville trip.) All in all I think I successfully pulled off Oregonian Chic. I’m still craving another Stumptown Coffee, but frigid as Chicago winters are, I’m glad to be back to the icebox I call home.  Happy weekend!    Coat: Anthropologie, Pants: Paige Denim, Boots: From Nashville, Hat: American Apparel, Purse: Kate Spade, Necklace: Helen Ficalora in Rose Gold    Shop Wild West  Filed Under: Style  
Christina says  January 6, 2014 at 3:08 pm So cute! I love the neutrals with the pop of color on the lip! xx, Christina 
jess keys says  January 6, 2014 at 5:04 pm Thanks Christina! I can never resist bright lipstick  
BPKitchen Blog says  January 23, 2014 at 2:27 pm I love your style in general! But these boots! I must have them! Where are they from?I never thought of pairing black cowboy boots instead of the typical riding boots. It’s the same feel but with a little bit of a different look so you’re not looking like everybody else running around town!  Brittany http://www.bpkitchen.wordpress.com 
jess keys says  January 23, 2014 at 11:35 pm Hi Brittany! I actually purchased the boots when I went on a trip to Nashville! I agree, they’re so much more fun than your typical black boots! You should definitely get yourself a pair  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heel Booties, Black And Gold Jewelry, Platform Pumps Shoes, Black Pumps Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 17, 2018   See full outfit post here  Dress (one of this month’s top sellers!): Leith, comes in SO many colors! It’s actually the same dress that I wore here and showed you how to style four ways! Shoes: Soludos–also come in metallic gold, black, pink and yellow! and I am in an espadrille phase right now, I also just ordered these blush espadrille sandals (open toe!) which are the perfect neutral and are SO COMFORTABLE. I tried them on in a different color in the store but they didn’t have the size/color combo I wanted–at least I got to walk around in them and ensure they were super comfy! Blazer: J.Crew (more sizes available here) Sunnies: Ray Ban (these are the 53mm, they also come in a smaller 50mm size!) Bag: Madewell, sold out, wah! I can’t find anything like it, but I love this circle bag that is also by Madewell and this outfit would look so perfect with a straw bag like this one that is round and blush or this how cute is this one with the metal and leather handle?! Lip color: RMS Red by RMS Beauty Hi guys! How has your week been? My mom has been in town all week, but just left last night–we had the BEST visit ever. It was so nice to have her here for five whole days–and to have her all to myself for three of them! I don’t remember the last time we had three straight days just to ourselves! It was seriously the best and now I’m so sad that she’s gone! Part of me was telling myself, “It’ll be nice to get caught up on work and get back into the swing of things” and then of course I teared up watching her Uber drive away. ? Anyway, while I work on my more labor intensive blog  posts, haha, I thought it would be cool to try something new and share the top items you guys have been buying this month! (Did you know I can see that info? I can, haha!) I admit, I have seen a couple other bloggers do this and I couldn’t decide if I liked the concept, but I realized that the “best sellers” section of any website is usually what I go to first, so why wouldn’t I turn this into a regular blog series? No brainer! SaveSave This cute striped dress is one of those “wear anywhere for anything” staples that you’ll wear for spring, summer, and fall! My absolute favorite athleisure sneaker. They are the most comfortable sneakers you’ll ever wear and they’re made of 100% wool, so they’re moisture wicking and keep you cool in the heat and warm in the cold. Plus, they’re machine washable! They’re selling out from Nordstrom quickly so if you don’t see your size you can also buy them directly from Allbirds! Run TTS. My go-to pair of white skinnies! No surprise there as to their popularity! They have an amazing amount of comfy stretch without being see through in ANY way! Run TTS–it says they’re high rise but they’re more of a higher mid-rise (they don’t come up to your belly button.) I’m actually wearing these as we speak ? If you’re looking for a chic, minimalistic INSANELY comfortable sandal that requires zero break-in, these are it! They come in white, black, rose gold, too–shop them all here. Run TTS. SaveSave I styled this dress in my post “what to wear to a wedding or baby shower” a couple weeks back and it sold like hot cakes–for good reason! It’s super versatile–perfect with flat sandals for a BBQ, with heels and fun statement earrings for a date, or with wedges for a graduation party or rehearsal dinner! The pink color is so fresh and springy, but I also own it in black and it comes in tons more colors too! Aaaannndd now it’s on sale for $29! WHATTT.  You know I’m in the midst of my research on the PERFECT white t-shirt and spoiler alert….this is my favorite. It’s not see through, a great weight, super soft, and perfect for tying, tucking, or untucking. Order 1 size up if you want to knot it. (EVERLANE you can do no wrong!!) This one is from my insta fam! I won’t stop yapping about this amazing lip liner from Charlotte Tilbury (she makes some of my favorite makeup products). This is the perfect nude/pinky/neutral and is amazing to make your lips look more shaped and full. I line my lips with it and then fill them in completely. Its perfect alone or as a base for your favorite nude lipstick–it’s waterproof and will last for WAY longer than you ever thought possible! BTW, if you love beauty tips and you don’t follow along on insta stories, make sure to come on over and join the party, because I share most of my beauty content over there! I featured this lightweight summer-weight cardigan in my Mother’s Day gift guide and it was a hit. Its not JUST for the mom who is always cold, but you know, ANYONE who is always cold–especially to combat office air conditioning or chilly nights at the lake! I was kind of laughing looking at my analytics at this one because I have NO idea where all these sales are coming from with these office pants, I think one of my older posts went viral ? Regardless, if you’re looking for some versatile new pants that are great for the office–I love these! Another Everlane item for the win! SaveSave OUR TEE! Remember when I shared the short sleeve henley tee that Neal designed with his favorite Chicago menswear brand, Stock MFG? They’re selling so well and we are SO so happy! They’re going fast so make sure to snag one for your guy during the pre-sale period where you can save 15% with code NEALANDJESS!  (Regularly $45, with the discount, it’s $38!) See more info about our collab and more photos and details of the tee in this post, if you missed it! SaveSave Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Allie says  May 17, 2018 at 6:43 am I like the best sellers concept! I’m always curious about what other people with similar taste are shopping for, it lets me know if I missed something! It’s also fun to think I have that! Haha. Happy Thursday, xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Kimber says  May 17, 2018 at 8:34 am I keep going back and forth on a pair of allbirds!! I live in AZ so I’m fearful they’ll just be way too hot! I’m excited to check out this white tee though. I still have never found one I truly love, and the price is great! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White One Piece Swimsuit, Blue Dresses, Silver Sandal Heels, Kate Spade Outlet and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 26, 2018   Jacket: SUPER old (like, basically vintage. Purchased pre-blogging days in 2012 from the Urban Outfitters Outlet ?) but I’m obsessed with this very similar one from Abercrombie! (Also comes in a really cute lighter shade of camo, a solid gray, solid green, and the CUTEST pink color, too! Old Navy has a really similar one too! I also like this version! Graphic tee: J.Crew via Nordstrom (also available at J.Crew (also obsessed with this striped tee! So fun and springy!) Also is it weird that I’m in love with this vintage-inspired Levi’s tee!? Jeans: Levi’s Wedgie Straight Jeans (also available at Shopbop and Anthropologie!) Mine are the “Wedgie straight” but I also love the original Wedgies which are a bit more tapered! (Come in a darker blue, too!)  Sneakers: Jack Purcell (love the classic white Converse, too!)  Sunnies: Ray Ban (also come in the slightly smaller 50mm size) Tote: Madewell Transport Tote (I have the OG brown leather version, but they have so many different varieties! I’m especially crushing on the new blush color. I really want the drawstring convertible tote-bucket version, too!) Earrings: Baublebar (similar here, and here too!) Happy Monday! Did you guys have a good weekend? We had a great one! On Friday we went to our favorite BYOB Cuban spot (90 Mile Cuban Cafe!) with my cousin Debbie and her husband David (they’re my mom’s cousins but really more like my aunt and uncle and we have so much fun with them whenever they’re in town!) On Saturday we went to Frontier to celebrate our good friend Matt’s birthday, and got to catch up with so many of Neal’s college friends we hadn’t seen in awhile! They did a whole boar roast dinner and it was INSANE. It’s such a perfect guy birthday dinner idea ? Their food is seriously amazing! After a bunch of us went to Louie’s Pub  (one of our favorite neighborhood Karaoke spots) and Neal brought down the house with his rendition of Macy Grey’s, “I Try”–like I said, it was a great weekend ? Anyway, these photos are from LAST weekend when we met up with Shaheen, Trevor and Zain and went to lunch at Chop Shop. It was so much fun and Zain was so good! After we went to Tapster–have you ever been? It’s such a fun hangout spot–all the beers are on like, smart taps so you get a card when you go in and tap the card to pour your own beer or craft cocktail, and it records by ounce how much you pour–then you cash out at the end! It’s a really cool concept and also such a cute space, they have a bunch of fun board games, too! Of course, as typically happens whenever Shaheen, Kelly and Blair and I meet up–we’re often matching in some capacity ? Shaheen and I were both wearing our utility jackets (hers is just solid green–it’s this Levi’s version!) and white sneakers (hers were the white Allbirds, which you guys know I am obsessed with! I have them in grey but really want the white version too!) I absolutely love my camo jacket. I’ve had it for YEARS–since I was 22 and found it on sale at Urban Outfitters. What’s so funny is I never thought it would be one of the sole wardrobe survivors of my early twenties ? But truthfully, it goes with everything, and I always find that it’s the perfect thing to throw on to give my outfit a little twist and a punch of personality! Like I said, it’s super old, but there are a lot of similar ones out right now that I’ll link below! Shop more Camo + Utility Jackets:    I usually try to pair it with something cute and feminine–in this case, it’s my graphic tee with these adorable little bathing beauties on it! I love it because something about it reminds me of our upcoming Italy trip this summer because and I will be laying on the beach in Positano jussssttt like this ? I love that cute, cheeky graphic tees are making a comeback! I’m rounding up my favorites below. (So many cute French-girl-esque verisons, too!) Shop more graphic tees:    Additionally, I love that these Levi’s Wedgie jeans add a little dose of trendy/edginess (I mean, you know, for me. I’m not edgy, these are about my limit ?–raw hem but still classic!) These jeans are so comfy and the fact that they’re high-waisted make them super flattering! The pair I have are the straight version, but they also come in a classic version that are a little more tapered at the bottom! Rounding up my favorite washes below: Shop more Levi’s Wedgie Jeans:           SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kendra says  March 26, 2018 at 10:17 am If you’re going to Positano, you HAVE to have breakfast (or lunch, Both. seriously both) at Casa e Bodega on the main road. It is seriously THE BEST breakfast I’ve ever had, and the cutest little shop. Also, the best custom sandal maker in town, according to the locals we stayed with, is arta gianatto rallo (I am pretty sure, I can’t remember the exact name off the top of my head). I bought two pairs, but I should have bought seven. Have so much fun!! 
Bright December says  March 26, 2018 at 1:33 pm Love the jeans! https://brightdecember.blogspot.com/ 
Allie says  March 26, 2018 at 3:27 pm I love that striped J.aCrew top too. I love the way the feminine earrings pair with the cami jacket – Great juxtaposition ? xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Speed,Testera says  March 27, 2018 at 4:55 am Realny nice combination especially with this big brown bag. 
Cindy says  April 17, 2018 at 3:32 pm Here’s a nice fleece camo jacket
https://modishonline.com/shop/women/jackets-outerwear/camouflage-fleece-jacket/ […] image: The Golden Girl Blog […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Sandals, Black Gowns, White And Blue Dresses, Long Black Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 8, 2017   It’s been a hot second since we’ve caught up on what’s been going on behind the scenes lately! It’s been a busy couple of weeks, but here’s what we’ve been up to… If you follow me on Instagram stories, you’ll know a couple weekends back I hosted a fun “Sparkling and Savasana” yoga event with Henry’s Hard Sparkling and some of my blogger besties at Mahalo! We had the best turnout EVER and were so excited to see so many of you there! So many in fact, that we opted out of doing the actual yoga portion to make more room for everyone else, and sat downstairs and caught up. (Which is good, because it seems like we have so much less time to hang out together than we used to! Sad!) After the yoga portion, we came back upstairs to join everyone for Henry’s and brunch bites! (They even had a Poké station which Neal was freaking out over.) See below (and the one above. Be cuter, Neal.) for some fun photos from the event! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I’ve also been meeting with Blair a lot working on some awesome things for Blogging For Keeps behind the scenes! Keep your eyes peeled for some big news that we’re announcing in June! You’ll definitely want to be on our email list to get some special offers, too, so if you’re a blogger and haven’t joined yet, pop right over here! As the wedding gets closer, I’m aiming to be healthy during the week but still let myself have a life on the weekends. Some of my week-night go-to’s are healthy lettuce wraps, and Trader Joe’s turkey bolognese with whole what pasta! Our favorite weekend spots lately have been Piece pizza (I think this might be my favorite pizza spot in the city right now. It’s SO GOOD.) Club Lucky (our favorite neighborhood Italian spot), and we’re heading to Bavettes this Friday!  I’ve been trying to drink as much water as possible (Blair is the best influence!) because it makes me feel so much better! I’m also starting to cut back on beer with the wedding looming closer, so I’ve started swapping it for Henry’s because it has way less calories! (I tried the lemon-lime flavor at the event and it tastes JUST like LaCroix!) I think that’s going to be my main go-to beverage swap this summer! I’ve also started making iced americano in the mornings by brewing my Nespresso over ice! (Have you tried it? So good!) Lolë! (What I’m wearing in these photos!) Have you heard of them? I talked about them on insta-stories last week, but they’re a Canadian brand based in Montreal who makes great activewear. I got this sports bra and matching hydrangea yoga pants just in time for our Sparkling and Savasana event at Mahalo, and I love them. I also got this “Air” yoga mat, which is reversible, super lightweight, and has the best grip of any yoga mat I’ve tried! I love love the brand so far and I like that prices are reasonable, too! (Think similar price point as Athleta!) I feel like we’re in kind of a lull right now, but at the moment I’m trying to nail down some decor decisions. What are your thoughts on white tablecloths vs. grey tablecloths with greenery and brass candlesticks? Also, should I get creative with the table numbers/ names or do we think I should just give it a rest? Also we’ve been finalizing our invitations from Minted and I can’t wait to show them to you! (Any guesses on what they look like!?)    Thanks to Henry’s Hard Sparkling for sponsoring this post!  Filed Under: Outfits, Personal notes  
Alyssa J Freitas says  May 8, 2017 at 10:15 am Thanks for posting about the yoga mat! I’m in search of a new one and am on the hunt for good recommendations. 
Nicole Green says  May 8, 2017 at 10:24 am You and Neal are so. dang. cute.  This looked like such a fun event! 
Diana Pearl says  May 8, 2017 at 11:09 am That top photo is too cute!!! Love your yoga outfit, too! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  May 8, 2017 at 1:42 pm haha glad I can help you drink more water!! this was such a fun day!!! 
Naomi @HuntingforPinkFlamingos says  May 8, 2017 at 2:50 pm I am all about white tablecloths — they match everything! 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  May 8, 2017 at 7:06 pm I think gray tablecloths are more unique; everyone does white! And go crazy with the fun names, why the heck not?! 
Molly O'Connor says  May 9, 2017 at 6:34 pm OK those drinks look delicious, I gotta try them!! Can’t wait to see your updates with Blair! http://www.mollyonthemoveblog.com 
Kristina Anderson says  May 12, 2017 at 7:54 am If you want some simple, calligraphy gold table numbers these are the ones I used: https://www.etsy.com/shop/BetterOffWed?ref=unav_listing-r. I have a set up to 24 if you want them!  Kristina does the Internets Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Turtleneck Sweaters, Modest Dresses, Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses, Black And White Jumpsuit and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 9, 2016   Dress: c/o Rent The Runway // Shoes: Old but similar here, here and I love this cork pair // Bracelets: c/o Busywrist and Monica Vinader // Hair: Waved with Beachwaver Curling Iron Happy Monday!  As you know if you follow along on Instagram, I spent the past three days in Palm Beach, Florida to celebrate our friends, Alessandra and Kraig tying the knot. In between wedding festivities, there was plenty of time to lounge by the pool and check out some local spots–one of which was The Breakers hotel. To describe it as “breathtaking” might be an understatement–it was definitely the most beautiful hotel I’ve ever seen! Don’t get me wrong–it’s certainly not cheap to get a drink here, but the chance to take in the views were totally worth the price of an overpriced cocktail. The weather couldn’t have been better, and we arrived just in time to see the sunset. (Why do I live in Chicago again!?) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I wore this adorable little pink dress for the occasion, which was perfect, because it wasn’t too over the top but girly, preppy, and perfect for West Palm Beach. Seeing as the majority of my summery dresses are white and clearly not appropriate to wear for a wedding weekend, I turned to Rent the Runway to rent a couple dresses, and it worked out great! The package was at my hotel when I arrived, so it saved room in my suitcase, too!   If you haven’t rented before, here’s how it works: You can visit their showroom in Chicago to try on dresses with the help of a stylist, or you can order directly online. With the price of renting, you get one backup size included (which is really helpful if you don’t get a chance to try the dresses on first). Your dress then typically arrives a day or two before your event, along with a prepaid shipping label, so when you’re done, you just drop it into a UPS box, and you’re done! I love renting dresses especially for events like weddings, because you never want to wear the same dress more than once anyway!  Also worth noting–they have way more than just dresses! So if you find yourself constantly wanting new clothes to wear, you could also do Rent The Runway Unlimited, which is $139 a month, and gives you unlimited clothing (think tops, rompers, and other casual wear in addition to dresses) to rent and return. Shipping is free and dry cleaning is included. Pretty cool, right? I haven’t given it a try but have been thinking about it–I’ll let you know if I do!  Alright, I’m off to dive into a majorly scary post-vacation to-do list. Yikes! Wish me luck. 
   Shop more favorite RTR dresses:     Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  May 9, 2016 at 9:31 am You guys are too cute! Love the outfits! 
Kristina Anderson says  May 9, 2016 at 9:33 am Your dress is adorable!! Kristina does the Internets 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  May 9, 2016 at 9:46 am gorgeous!! looks like you guys had a great time! 
Rachel M says  May 9, 2016 at 10:05 am Such a pretty color! I’m going to try RTR this summer for a few weddings, looking forward to it 
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  May 9, 2016 at 10:12 am Too cute! Love the dress on you! xo, Laura
brightandbeautifulblog.com 
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  May 9, 2016 at 12:30 pm This dress and color is gorgeous on you! 
Maggie says  May 9, 2016 at 7:44 pm Dresses with pockets are the BEST!!! Love this! http://www.maggiealamode.com 
Kelly in the City says  May 10, 2016 at 4:03 am Jess, SO BEAUTIFUL! My favorite is the last photo.  Could you two get any cuter? Hi, Neal. Notorious BIC and I miss you. XOXO!! Kelly | Kelly in the City Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Lace Bralettes, White Lace Cocktail Dresses, Lariats, Blue Platform Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 31, 2019  I had SUCH a hard time choosing which color I wanted in this amazing sweater! Ultimately, I went with “mustard,” because it’s one of my favorite fall colors AND I knew I wanted these cords and really love a monochromatic look.  Sizing: Oversized, runs big, went with XS. You guys have been requesting that I review this tee ever since it came out this summer and I FINALLY got around to ordering it! As you probably imagined, it does not disappoint. I love the slinky, oversized fit–it’s perfect for knotting–and it’s SO incredibly soft, and of course–as the name would imply–light as air. It’s the perfect year-round layer, but I especially love this color (called “Oatmeal”) for fall and winter!   I love a good white button-down for ANY season, but I think it’s especially great for layering under sweaters in the winter to put a more classic, polished spin on them! You’ll see in a second. The one I’m wearing here is old, but my favorite tip when buying a white shirt for layering is to shop the men’s section! Everlane makes a great men’s oxford–I usually go for a men’s small!   I am IN. LOVE. With these cords, you guys. When I ordered them online, I was still unsure–I definitely thought, “I’m either going to love these or hate these ” and unsurprisingly (as with pretty much everything Everlane)–I ADORE them. A lot of my style inspiration is pulled from the 70’s and these are very 70’s, but modern at the same time. Plus, another bonus: they’re really warm! The color I’m wearing here is Golden Brown.  Another big request you guys have had–comparing the ’90’s Cheeky Jean to the regular Cheeky Straight jean! Here’s the quick answer: I love them BOTH. The ’90’s Cheeky is definitely what I’d consider a “mom jean” type cut–vintage inspired, high-waisted, but looser through the thigh (and where your thigh meets your butt, if that makes sense ) a straight leg (it’s a bit of a wider straight fit than the Cheeky straight, IMO). Here I’m wearing the “Vintage Dark Wash” in regular length! I love the vintage feel of these, and how they’ve got oneeee little rip in the knee–which is just enough edge for me!  Fun fact: All of their denim is made in a LEED certified factory (you can read all about their factory here!) that recycles 98% of its water and relies on alternative energy sources and repurposes byproducts throughout the manufacturing process!  Sizing: TTS–I wear size 25 (which is what I wear in almost every jean size). They do not stretch!   I now have these boots in three colors because I’m THAT obsessed with them. They are truly the most comfortable booties you can find. The leather is so soft and buttery, they require absolutely no break-in! I can walk for miles in them at a time–I even wore them all over Portugal. This Ecru color is my latest addition to my wardrobe, and I could not be more obsessed with them. I typically feel like white booties are too edgy for me, but because these are a soft (more of a buttercream) color, they totally feel classic and almost vintage-inspired––so up my alley!   If you’re looking for a low, polished, beautiful pump–look no further! I love the pointed toe and the square shape on the top. These are great for everything from date night to the office.  Sizing: TTS   If you love the Day boot, you will love the ReKnit Glove boot! They are ALSO so incredibly comfortable, but they’re made of a stretchy knit, and cut higher and tighter on the ankle, making them excellent for cold weather because they keep your ankles warm! The black is back-ordered right now, but I promise they’ll be worth the wait! (Many other colors available though!)  Sizing: TTS   I’ve had these loafers for a long time now and I love them so much. Because of their sleek shape, I think they are sleeker and more versatile than many loafers that have a rounded toe, so they’re easier to dress up! They definitely take some breaking in but it’s well worth it!  Sizing: Run small/narrow–go up 1/2 size!   One of my FAVE outfits of the whole set–I love a monochromatic look AND a lot of texture in my outfits–and this outfit checks both boxes! Of course, this definitely can work with brown boots or black boots as well, but I adore their Day Boots in the Ecru color. It puts a fresh twist on fall outfits (and I’ll be thankful to have them to brighten up winter outfits when I’m sick of dark colors!)   Who says sweatshirts can’t be chic? I love the textural combination of the cords with the fleece knit! Casual and comfy, but polished at the same time! I’m always looking for comfortable outfits that still look like you made an effort, you know? (I also wore this outfit with sneakers the other day!)   Same monochromatic top + bottom from above–but with a swap of shoes, and the addition of the blazer, it becomes perfect for the office. Pretty neat trick, huh?   A bright and fresh twist on a fall outfit–I love the lighter boots with the lighter sweater against the pretty orangey-brown of the cords! Again, you’ve got different textures going, and the little specks in the sweater knit almost create a “pattern”-like quality–resulting in a fun outfit combination! This is something I’d wear everywhere from shopping on a Saturday to dinner, to the office!   Same sweater, totally different look! This time, I swapped the pants for the wide-leg crops–I get a lot of questions on how to style these, so I definitely wanted to include a few looks styling them! I love this brown color–it’s so perfect for fall and goes with everything! It’s really easy to dress them up and down, and they look ESPECIALLY great with a sock bootie! This is a great, polished look you can wear anywhere!   THIS TEE! I love it SO much! Such a great layer to go under a blazer (or a cardigan, or pretty much anything!) Originally, I didn’t think that an oversized blazer would work with wide leg pants, but I feel like it results in a really fashionable chic seventies college professor vibe but the addition of the sock bootie still keeps it modern and on-trend!   My favorite sweater again, this time, with a button-down underneath! Layering a button-down underneath a sweater or sweatshirt is one of my best tips for dressing up something that is a bit more on the casual side! (This outfit would totally look great with jeans or their straight leg crops as well!)   Okay, remember the blazer with wide leg crops look above? Just swap your base layer and shoes–and you’ve got a look that is sharp and chic for a business meeting! It’s hard to feel on-trend when you work in a more formal office environment, and this outfit formula is the perfect way to do this!   Ever thought of wearing JUST a blazer as a top? I LOVE the sexy 80’s vibe it gives off–you could also layer a camisole underneath if it’s a little to much skin for you!   I cannot get enough of this sweater! I think it’s one of my favorite sweaters they’ve ever released. It’s just SO. SOFT. And the texture and color on it just makes any outfit you pair it with extra special. In particular, I love the contrast of the sweater with the color of these jeans–and I think the addition of the ecru boot really takes the look up a notch!  Back to my old tricks again–this time, layering the white button-down under the most casual item in this month’s line-up: the fleece sweatshirt! If you’ve been wondering how to sneakily wear a sweatshirt to work–et voila. There you have it. But this isn’t just a “casual work” look–I’d wear this anywhere, especially on a weekend, Sunday dinner at Neal’s parent’s house, anywhere that calls for cute and cozy.     Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Knit Dresses, Pumps Heels Shoes, Black Formal Gowns, Modest Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 23, 2017   Shirt: Nordstrom, runs TTS–I also love this off the shoulder short sleeved version, this one-shoulder ruffle version, and this version that has pom poms! So cute! How cute is this gingham dress, too!? // Jeans: Levi’s, run TTS–also love these high-waisted ripped skinnies (only $75!) // Sandals: c/o DSW (under $50!) also run TTS. I also love these which are identical and come in yellow and black, this adorable twisty bow version, and this similar wedge mule version! HAPPY FRIDAY! The first OFFICIAL Friday of summer, mind you. How about that? Agh. I love summer so much. I am especially happy right now writing this post because all the doors and windows in the house are open, there is an amazing breeze, and I am listening to Taylor Swift’s RED album, which I totally forgot about and SHE’S BACK ON SPOTIFY. OMG my life is whole again. This week has been a really great one! I’ve gotten a work out in EVERY day this week. (How proud are you? I, personally, am astonished that I’ve pulled off such a thing.) Starting to take the wedding prep thing more seriously, apparently. The “7 minute workout” thing is really a lifesaver though. I know many people would NOT count this as a workout, but I’m a wimp and loathe physical activity (other than yoga and walking and leisurely bike riding) so the fact that it’s really hard but over in 7 minutes is pretty fantastic. Sometimes when I’m feeling extra crazy I repeat it 2 or 3 times like a circuit workout and it’s really awesome. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

This week, I had so many fun girls’ dates too! On Tuesday night I made zucchini white pizza with my friend Meg. I got pizza dough from the store, smeared it with Boursin cheese, and topped it with caramelized onions, thinly sliced raw zucchini, and chicken, and baked it in the oven! To finish it off, I topped the pizza with burrata and tossed arugula with homemade vinaigrette. It was SO. GOOD. I cannot recommend it enough–it was the best light summer pizza! Then on Wednesday night I went over to my friend Liz’s house and we had a wine date and caught up on her balcony, and yesterday, I met up with Kelly for a work date at Floriole. (Hooray! Mitch is out of school for the summer, so he watched Emma and we got so much done!) Anddd perhaps one of the biggest highlights of the week–I saw Aladdin on broadway with my friend Kai last night! It was soooo good–have you seen it yet? My face hurts from smiling so much and I haven’t stopped singing the songs since I left the theatre–the entire cast was so incredible–especially the actors who played Aladdin and Genie! It’s here through the summer so if you’ve been thinking of seeing it, go! Go go go! You can buy tickets here. I would also highly recommend grabbing a bite at Prime and Provisions beforehand. We split the chicken sandwich and fries with some rosé and it was the perfect pre-theatre dinner!  Anywho, enough jibber jabber–today’s outfit is definitely worth talking about! First of all, have you noticed how black and white gingham is EVERYWHERE right now? I just got this cute off the shoulder ruffle top (shocker) and it is sooo cute. I love that it’s lightweight too so it keeps you cool! Linking some of my other favorite gingham pieces below, too! More black & white gingham:      I also recently got these twisty blush slides from DSW (they’re less than $50!) they are by Nine West and they are SO comfortable! I actually walked home from Liz’s in them–which is a mile and a half walk and I didn’t even have any blisters! Love when that happens  More twisty slides:         



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jane Davidson says  June 23, 2017 at 2:24 pm That top is so cute on you! I’m always a fan of gingham! 
Jessica Camerata says  June 26, 2017 at 10:07 am HA I love when a shoe surprises you after walking forever in them. It’s such a good feeling. PS loving you in a hat! xo Jessica My Style Vita 
Britney Crawley says  June 26, 2017 at 12:20 pm A 7 minute workout is better than a 0 minute workout, and I think it totally counts! Good for you, girl! This outfit is so cute! Love your slides!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Embroidered, White Blouses And Tops, Blue Shoes Flats, Saddle Bags and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 15, 2015   If you haven’t heard, there’s a MAJOR sale on the cutest Kate Spade items going on right now over on Hautelook.com! This is the perfect chance to stock up for all the ladies on your list at up to 70% off!. Here are some of my favorites! The sale lasts through Wednesday, but hurry, the best stuff is selling out even as I type this sentence  Such as–the leopard bow coat, the chicest ever riding boots (which come in black AND navy suede), and the cutest girly leather gloves, just to name a few. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

What are you waiting for? Shop the best of the sale by scrolling through the below!   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Best of Accessories:   Filed Under: Holiday, Shop  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Sandals, High Waist Flare Pants, Present Ideas, Wide Leg Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 2, 2015  
 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

There seems to be that one piece that you stumble upon each season and you’re like, “Holy matrimony, my [insert season here] is going to be so much BETTER because of these [insert item here]!! In my instance, that sentence would read: “Holy matrimony, my fall is going to be SO MUCH BETTER because of these AMAZING PANTS!”  Really though, aren’t they adorable? By the time November rolls around I am already SICK and TIRED of jeans and leggings, but have never really had other options.  Until now, Slim City Pants, until now.  They’re great for work, a meeting, a dive bar (where I headed in my second outfit, right after this shoot to be exact) church, or brunch with Granny. There is no situation that doesn’t call for these pants. Okay maybe not a wedding. But other than that, totally.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Let’s dive into these outfits, shall we?   The dressy-casual work outfit to date night ensemble. When you pair these pants with traditional pumps, it’s perfect for a more conservative office setting, but since I don’t work in an office, I wanted to spice things up. To keep it interesting, I added leopard pumps, the striped long sleeved tee I’ve been living in lately (so comfy!), and a silk scarf around my neck. (I got this one in Dublin!) Again, to tone things down, I added my favorite brown leather jacket to tie everything together.  Oh, and the bag. Speaking of the bag. This bag can also be worn two ways–one side leopard, one side classic black! It’s the perfect combination. Like a mullet bag, if you will, in the best way possible. I swapped it out to be my main purse a couple weeks ago and haven’t looked back since.            Shop this look: Pants: c/o Gap Factory (on sale!) // Shirt: Maison Jules (Now under $10!) // Leather Jacket: from Massimo Leather in Florence, Italy when I studied abroad (similar here) // Pumps: Dolce Vita (identical here)  // Bag: c/o Vera Bradley // Bracelets: J.Crew (link bracelet) Busywrist gold mesh and Busywrist mini gold bead bracelet    
Perfect for casual Sunday–I swapped my pumps for tennies, changed into a tank, and layered on a boyfriend button down. (Seriously, I stole this from Neal. He hates when fall rolls around because it means I still all of his shirts.)  Have you heard me gush about how much I love shopping in the men’s and boy’s section? Seriously, try it. Gap men’s especially–on point. In this case, I went with a cozy grey chambray. (You don’t have to share with your boyfriend if you don’t want to. Shhh.)  If the oversized boyfriend shirt isn’t your thing, a regular women’s button down would look just as great!  For a bag, because I was getting a all sporty and boyfriend-like, a backpack seemed like the only fitting choice. This one is my very favorite–the chicest backpack I’ve ever seen. (It got me through Europe and back as my only handbag, too!)  Shop this look: Pants: c/o Gap Factory (on sale!) // Shirt: Stolen from Neal’s closet (similar here) // Shoes: Keds // Backpack: c/o Vera Bradley One final note, if you have fallen in love with these pants like I have, be sure to sign up for Gap Factory’s email list before you buy–you’ll get a 15% off coupon!  This post was sponsored by Gap Factory, however, all opinions remain 100% my own.  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Carly says  October 2, 2015 at 10:12 am THOSE. PANTS. You are the worst influence and I love you for it.
http://www.theclydescope.com 
blueridge77 says  October 2, 2015 at 12:01 pm Just found your blog and so glad I did!! Love your basketweave-y style bracelet. Is there a source? 
Annie says  October 2, 2015 at 12:15 pm Just found your blog and so glad I did!! Love your basketweave-y style bracelet. Is there a source? 
Jess says  October 2, 2015 at 12:38 pm Hi Annie! Oh, I’m so glad you did! How did you find me? I’m always curious  And thank you so much for bringing that to my attention, I forgot to include the link! It’s from Busywrist, my good friend Meg’s company! You can find the link to the bracelet here: http://www.busywrist.com/#!product/prd14/3351818771/10k-gold-mesh-bracelet  Her druzie bracelets are also some of my favorites: http://www.busywrist.com/#!druzies/ckc0 xoxo! 
Annie says  October 2, 2015 at 1:04 pm Thanks!! Love her pieces! TBH, I have no idea how I landed on your page! I was probably doing a search for some sort of beauty product (junkie that I am), which let me to you!  
Amelia Vesper says  October 2, 2015 at 1:19 pm Gap Factory is awesome! Somehow I always find better stuff there than at actual Gap – weird, right? Cute outfits, I especially love the dressy casual look  
Kristina Anderson says  October 2, 2015 at 2:29 pm Love those pants, the pattern is so cute. Love me some Gap Factory   Kristina does the Internets 
Meghan McAllister says  October 4, 2015 at 12:24 pm Fantastic look, Jess! Loving the graphic print of those pants  Meghan, http://www.lincolnparkminute.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Candles, Black Booties Shoes, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, Lariats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 23, 2014     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Although outdoor temperatures may suggest otherwise, wedding season is rapidly approaching. No matter how far in advance you start searching, sometimes finding the right dress can be a total scramble. I remember traipsing up and down Michigan Avenue last year in search of a dress only to come up empty-handed. That’s why I was so excited when I saw this line of gorgeous cocktail dresses from Reiss. Each frock is more beautiful than the next — perfect for the many dress-up occasions that come with summer. Shop my favorite picks below!    Filed Under: Style  
Sarah Lagen says  April 24, 2014 at 3:19 pm Great pick’s! I love shopping around for the perfect dress to wear to a wedding! Love your blog! 
jess keys says  April 30, 2014 at 4:37 pm Thank you Sarah!! So glad to have you following along  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Lace Dresses, Dress Pumps, Casual White Maxi Dresses, Hanky Panky Panties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 11, 2016   Coat: (Old) but similar here, here, and obsessed with this cape version // Top: c/o Vineyard Vines, also similar here  // Necklace: Baublebar, also love this one and this one // Shoes: Sam Edelman (almost sold out!) but similar here, here, here (also come in red) and lower, kitten-heeled version here // Jeans: Henry & Belle, also similar here, and budget friendly version here ($23!) //  Gold clutch: Kate Spade, similar here // Lipstick: NARS Cruella //   Hooray! It’s almost Friday! (And Valentine’s Day!) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

How has your week been going? Mine has been good, and busy! After trying out a couple different productivity techniques I learned about in this podcast, (more on that later) I feel like this is the most productive week I have had in a LONG time.  One of the big highlights of my week: Meeting Kelly, Maya and Lauren to shoot at South Loop Loft! I’m pretty obsessed with all things vintage, so the second I walked into this place I just about died. It’s got an antique French fireplace, gorgeous furniture everywhere you turn, amazing rugs, barware, and more. Plus, owner Beth is just about the biggest doll you’ve ever met. If you live in Chicago, you definitely need to visit! You can also shop some of their merchandise online if you don’t live near the city! More photos and details about that coming soon    Anyway–in case you were sick of pink and red dresses (anddd if you’re not, check out this post) I thought this chic and simple date night outfit would be a great alternative when it comes time for V-Day this weekend.  Which, speaking of–this next week is a big one for us! Not just Valentine’s Day, but Neal’s birthday too! (The big two-eight! Eeeek!) We’ll be doing dinner on Valentine’s at Bavettes. Neither of us have ever been. (How, I don’t know. It’s rumored to be the best steak in Chicago!) I’ll let you know how it is! I’ll likely be wearing this identical outfit. (Because sometimes Chicago date nights are too cold for dresses.) There’s something wonderfully simple about a classic, flattering peplum tank with jeans and heels. (And a leopard coat–obviously.)  Then, next week, we’re heading up to Milwaukee. (One of my favorite cities!) I’m tagging along on Neal’s work trip to celebrate his birthday and you know, make sure there’s someone there to keep him company/annoy him during his work week! Hehe.  Anyway, we’re almost done with the week! Hooray!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

      Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  February 11, 2016 at 7:02 am Gorgeous! I love that red lip on you! 
Mary Kate says  February 11, 2016 at 7:36 am Loving that jacket! Mary Kate
http://www.mynewchicagolife.com 
Liz (26 and Counting) says  February 11, 2016 at 8:39 am I am a sucker for leopard and this coat looks fabulous on you  
Kelly in the City says  February 11, 2016 at 11:41 am THE CUTEST! Happy memories from Noodle running right past me and straight into your arms… #Whatevs  XOXO
Kelly | Kelly in the City 
SarahLagen says  February 11, 2016 at 12:35 pm Very cute girl!! I hope you and Neil have a great Vday weekend together!  xo, Sarah
http://www.thekissingboothblog.com 
Sahra says  February 11, 2016 at 1:06 pm I am so so in love with this look! Glad you’re having a productive week (I am too)! Let’s keep it up  XO Sahra
Que Sera Sahra 
Selina Wang {Simply Average} says  February 11, 2016 at 2:28 pm Such a great look! Love the jewelry and leopard! Have fun in Milwaukee!  https://simplyaverageblog.wordpress.com/ 
Cassandra Eldridge says  February 16, 2016 at 11:11 pm I freaking love that coat. I know I sound crazy when I say this buuut — as much as I love the Florida sun, I miss being able to wear coats like this!
http://www.cassandraeldridge.com 
Xenia says  June 3, 2018 at 2:26 am That black peplum top ideally matches dark blue skinnies and leopard print coat! Looks feminine and sophisticated, I also made a post about peplum tops, have a look: https://styledebates.com/must-have-peplum-tops-to-try-now/
hope you like it too.
xoxo,
xenia […] image via The Golden Girl Blog […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sundresses, Black Heel Booties, Trendy Tops, Citizens Of Humanity Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 16, 2017   Happy Saturday guys! Okay so admittedly I never post on the weekends BUT because it’s getting down to the wire with shipping in time for Christmas, I figured I’d post Monday’s post early so you still had time to buy any Christmassy outfit necessities and get them in time for Christmas Eve ? PSA: Sunday is the LAST day for most retailers to place orders in time for Christmas Eve arrival, so mark your calendars accordingly!  Today I’m heading up to Milwaukee with some of my best friends (we were roommates after college for 4 years and this will be such a fun, much-needed reunion!) to go dress shopping for our bestie, Kate! I absolutely LOVE Milwaukee (we went there for my bachelorette party too) and it’s always so much fun to catch up with Kate’s parents who have also become my second parents over the years. Want to know what I’m ALSO so excited about this week? Neal is home for the REST OF THE YEAR! He travels so much and to know I have him home for the next two weeks feels like Disneyland! We’re excited to lay low and catch-up and go on some fun little christmassy dates over the next few days ? Anyway–what are you up to this week? Are you taking off early for the holidays? I’d love to know what you’ve been up to! (Comment below, or message me on Instagram!) So–let’s jump into today’s topic, yeah? As I was playing around and putting together different outfits last week, I realized there are so many cute ways to wear plaid button-downs for the holidays, but we always seem to get stuck in the same plaid button down, jeans and boots rut! I figured, why not show you three new ways to wear one? (Side note: Speaking of several ways to wear something, with so much holiday madness, I know I’ve fallen off the capsule wardrobe remix wagon lately–I promise it will be back in FULL FORCE come January! Don’t worry!) Keep on scrollin’ to see my three favorite ways to style a plaid button down this season. These are all super versatile and can be worn anywhere, from work to Christmas Eve to a dressier holiday party!  I think this look is so versatile! It would be great for work and the cardigan definitely makes the outfit casual, yet polished, but after work, you could just lose the cardigan and be ready for a cute, festive holiday party, too! The shoes and a hint of sparkly earring definitely add some polish to the outfit, while the cardigan adds some classic, yet casual sophistication. The pop of leopard with the clutch also makes it really fun! So, first of all, the item of the hour–the plaid button down! I think any plaid button down you own will definitely work with any of these formulas, but I really love how soft this one is! While it’s super soft like flannel, it’s actually cotton, which not only makes it comfy and more breathable, but also a little more versatile in terms of being able to dress it up or dress it down. It’s a bit oversized as well (I’m wearing an XS, so I’d say it runs TTS, but if you don’t want it oversized, size down.) If you’re not a plaid button-down kind of girl, this J.Crew ruffle plaid top and this Madewell navy plaid ruffle yoke blouse are SO. CUTE and could work perfectly with any of these looks! Shop more plaid shirts below: This is the coziest of the three looks because of the addition of this super cozy cardigan. I hadn’t previously owned any sweaters in this “oatmeal” hue, but I really love it because it’s a nice departure from camel, grey, and cream and is the perfect in-between neutral. You can also see it styled in this post and this post! Sizing: I’m wearing XS but it’s still a bit oversized–the sleeves are a little long (I think this is by design but if not I’m cool with it too ? ) but I scrunch them up anyway and think they look really cute rolled! Ponte Pants are magical pants because they are basically just like fancy leggings that look like real pants. I like this version from Halogen because they have the cute crease in the front which makes them look a bit more polished. They’re so comfy, again, because they actually feel like leggings. Secret weapon! I’m actually wearing these in all three looks! (So I guess maybe this post should be called “how to wear your plaid button down and ponte pants three ways…” There are a ton of ponte pants for sale on Nordstrom so there are plenty to choose from based on your price point! OMG. My obsession. As if I needed another reason to go on and on about Everlane, one of my favorite brands of all time. Their Day heels are named because you truly can walk around in them all day and your feet will never hurt. They came out with a couple velvet versions for winter (they have them in black too) and I can’t recommend them enough. I also have the red leather version for spring/summer. (You can see how I styled them here!) Sizing: Make sure to go up at least 1/2 size! They run small! A mainstay in my capsule wardrobe posts for good reason–it makes every outfit look way cuter! It adds a nice pop of pattern as well as texture, and I especially love leopard paired with plaid!     This is definitely the most “business” oriented outfit but if you want to add a little bit of preppiness to any outfit, a classic blazer is always an awesome idea! I love the camel paired with the plaid because it’s a little more of an unexpected combination, and camel looks so lovely on everyone! It’s such a rich beautiful color. The shoes and a hint of sparkly earring definitely add some polish to the outfit, while the cardigan adds some classic, yet casual sophistication. The pop of leopard with the clutch also makes it really fun! In addition to the plaid button down and ponte pants discussed above, I also added…  I’ve had my eye on this blazer for SO long and I’m so glad I finally bit the bullet! I think it’s a really nice way to class up anything you’re wearing and blazers are always a must-have staple for work! Because the button down is pretty casual in itself, the blazer really helps to elevate it to an “office appropriate” level. (I also cuffed the sleeves of the shirt so they came up over the blazer sleeves for an added plaid touch!) Another buy of mine during Cyber Week–I love these little leopard bow heels so much! I also love that they’re velvet, so, like the clutch did in our previous look, they add not just a cute pattern, but more texture too! You already know how much I love this tote! The only one you’ll ever need for work, period, the end. Also comes in all black and black with tan handles!      This is perhaps the most versatile look of all–when you aren’t sure what to wear to a holiday party (you know, one that isn’t “cocktail” attire but it’s not “super casual” either?) this can be your foolproof outfit formula! It’s classic and conservative enough to wear to Grandma’s, but it’s cute and fun enough to wear out with friends, too! The fun statement earrings and cute ankle-strap heels help balance the plaid shirt and ponte pants for the perfect “dressy-casual” balance. In addition to the plaid button down and ponte pants discussed above, I also added…  I just got these from DSW and they are my newest obsession! They make any outfit look so cute and girly and the price is a steal! These are also almost identical and come in the prettiest dark wine color! I’ve worn these little earrings from J.Crew so much lately. They add the perfect does of “holiday” to any outfit! They come in more colors, too. (I really want them in black and also in gold!) We’ve already been over how great this clutch is and that leopard + plaid is the best ever combination. ?     Photos by Iron & Honey  Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Randee Brant says  December 16, 2017 at 3:47 pm Your posts are always so helpful and inspiring!  And your smile is contagious! 
Lata Martinez says  December 20, 2017 at 4:20 am Thanks for the idea. Style is something that can be changed with every new idea and the best part is we can do experiment with style every time. These earring and the pumps have really made this look complete. Love this look! 
Taylor- Lights Camera Catwalk says  December 21, 2017 at 3:31 pm I just shared an outfit with a plaid button down too. I love your office version- so chic!  Xx Taylor
http://lightscameracatwalk.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Pumps Heels, Platform Pumps Shoes, Black Blouses, Black Pumps Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 20, 2017     Floral Print Dress: Topshop. I also love this similar bright blue one (so great for summer!), this off the shoulder one, this moody floral one, this adorable coral wrap dress, and this one! Also how pretty and feminine is this coral floral print midi dress? And I want this one for our honeymoon! And this yellow floral midi dress! SO adorable!) // Bag: Cult Gaia “Gaia’s Ark” bag (I have the size large!) // Shoes: Old, but similar here and here (just marked down to $99!) and how cute is this braided lace-up version? I want to splurge on this lace-up tassel pair soooo badly! // Nail polish: Essie gel polish in “Rock the Runway” // Sunnies: KREWE c/o Tuckernuck  Happy Monday! Did you have a good weekend? What did you do? I had a really productive one! (Which, in my earlier years, I would say was NOT a fun weekend, but now that I’m an old lady I really get a kick out of these productive weekends, you know?) Friday night Neal and I just hung out at home and had a couple Guinness’ because it was St. Patrick’s day, obviously. Before we knew it, it was too late to go to dinner. (This always happens.) So we ended up going to get late night tacos (which also always happens), so I would consider Friday night a smashing success. We slept in on Saturday and I went to yoga and we got brunch at our favorite little place, Janik’s cafe, and got together with Neal’s family for dinner. Yesterday–very exciting–I cleaned out our closet! YESSSS!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I got rid of an entire garbage back full of shoes, several purses and about a garbage bag and a half full of clothes. Neal and I share a tiny closet and it’s by far the biggest struggle we have with our house, so finally getting this done was a big weight lifted off my shoulders! I also have a professional organizer coming to help us figure out some better storage solutions for our place overall, so I’ll be sure to share all the tips I’m learn from her!     BUT enough chit-chat. Let’s talk more about what’s happening in these photos I shot in warm, beautiful, sun-shiny, gorgeous LA with Julie of Velvet & Popcorn. Well, first. It was warm. So there’s that. Actually everyone in LA thought it was freezing (it was like 70 degrees) but I was all, “JULIEEEEE where’s the beach!?” Pretty much everything you see here is an obsession of mine that I cannot wait to wear once it warms up here in the midwest. (Or maybe I just need to go back to LA and then I can start wearing them now…) It’s going to come as no surprise to you that I cannot control myself when it comes to the floral patterns. They’re just such a breath of fresh air. The fact that this little dress combined the prettiest peony pattern with bell sleeves and a ruffle collar–at a great price point–made it an irresistible trifecta. (Okay…I guess including the price point that would be a…quadfecta? Is that a thing?) Then there’s my favorite new bag. (Sorry you guys, I shot SO MANY looks with this bag in LA and London so I hope you like it as much as I do, hahaha. You’re like “WE GET IT. YOU LOVE THE BIRDHOUSE BAG.”) I think it makes any outfit look so, so much cuter! Last but not least…lace-up heels! (These are on sale for $99!) Lace-ups and ankle-wrap shoes have been one of my go-to’s for the past couple of years now. In addition to these, I have a ballet flats version, and lace up flat sandals, too!      Photography by Velvet & Popcorn   It’s no secret that I have a soft spot for floral dresses, but I love how the pattern on this dress features peonies in the most soft and feminine colors! Plus, it’s under $100! Sizing tip: Runs small, go up one size! Lace-up heels in a neutral color like these are some of the most versatile shoes you can wear for spring and summer! They look super cute with both jeans and dresses, plus the chunkier heels make them comfy! Plus, these are only $99!  This is by far the coolest handbag I’ve ever purchased. At first I was like mehhh that cannot be functional, but actually, it totally is! It holds all my stuff and it makes any outfit look SO much cuter! My favorite sunglasses! They’re a New Orleans brand and really well-made, quality sunnies! I love the oyster colored tortoise! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Samantha Tananbaum says  March 20, 2017 at 8:26 am LOVE this dress! Such a pretty pattern and the details on the sleeves are amazing. You are also the cutest in these pictures and it looks like you’re having so much fun! xx
Sam 
Megan says  March 20, 2017 at 9:00 am This look! That dress looks so beautiful on you and my goodness I want a birdcage bag! // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Rachel Spross says  March 20, 2017 at 9:19 am I have this dress and I love it! The colors are so pretty on you  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Christina says  March 20, 2017 at 9:48 am Love the colors on this floral dress! I’m dying to get my spring gear out – it needs to warm up already. And please do share the closet cleaning tips you learn – I’m due for a closet cleaning sesh myself! Christina | http://www.cuddlepill.com 
Britney Crawley says  March 20, 2017 at 10:41 am You look so pretty and ready for spring in that floral dress! So lovely. That bag is amazing, so style without shame! Can’t wait to hear more of your professional organizing adventures! 
Devon says  March 20, 2017 at 11:27 am Love this look and I am so obsessed with that bag!!!  I’m in San Diego and definitely one of those people saying it’s been cold out, hahaha. Oops! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  March 20, 2017 at 1:24 pm That bag is SO cute and I love these photos! Also, major props on cleaning out the closet! 
TheVagabondWayfarer says  March 20, 2017 at 3:42 pm Love the print of your dress. I can’t get enough of floral print at this time of the year.
http://www.thevagabondwayfarer.com 
Taylor- Lights Camera Catwalk says  March 20, 2017 at 4:41 pm Lovely outfit and obsessed with that bag!  Xx Taylor
http://lightscameracatwalk.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Hanky Panky Panties, Black Leggings, Navy Leggings, Platform Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 6, 2018   Jeans: Levi’s Wedgie Jeans (I got this pair on eBay!)–see them styled in this post as well–size up! Similar in different wash here, and here! These Madewell jeans are also similar and so cute! I also love the look of Everlane’s cheeky straight jeans that are similar but haven’t tried ’em yet! Let me know your thoughts if you have a pair!) White button down: c/o Everlane (comes in lot’s of colors! Runs TTS!) Belt: Gucci (souvenir from Italy! You can buy it online here. This one and this one are similar classic look and budget-friendly!) Shoes: Sam Edelman Tote: Everlane Market Tote  Happy Thursday! (HOW is it already Thursday!?) This short week is actually even shorter for me because one of my besties, Melissa, is getting married this weekend! Her rehearsal dinner is tonight (it’s at Stella Barra! YUM! Can’t wait!) which kicks off the weekend’s festivities so essentially I’m signing off of work as of this evening. I got a whopping…two and a half days of work in this week? ? Today I’m diving into a topic that resonates for a LOT of you, I know–walking that line between casual yet professional workwear! According to an Instagram poll conducted by yours truly–roughly 60% of you work in business casual environments where wearing jeans is the norm–BUT–that doesn’t necessarily mean getting dressed is always easy! I firmly believe in dressing for the job you want–regardless of your office’s laid-back dress code, I think it’s always very important to show up looking polished, put-together, and professional. So–how do you do that exactly? Let’s find out ? First, you want to select your jeans wisely. Just because a dress code says “jeans are OK” doesn’t mean that any pair of jeans is suitable to wear to the office. You want to select a pair that is not too tight, with no rips or holes. A darker wash will always look more professional than a lighter wash. A pair of dark skinnies or straight leg jeans with a high or medium rise are always going to be an excellent bet! A button down and jeans is always my go-to. It’s something I feel comfortable and confident in. For me, it’s the perfect example of classic, timeless style, which is something I always strive for. The one I’m wearing here is from Everlane, but I also own men’s button downs in XS or little boy’s button downs in XL ? For a variation on the same look, you can also go with a silk button down, which I am equally in love with. Everlane’s silk button down is probably the #1 most worn item in my closet! Especially if you have a client in the office or you’re just starting a new job and are still getting a feel of the dress code, always always opt for close-toed shoes. They are far more professional and pumps are the ideal match for jeans, because they add the perfect amount of polish to your outfit without being overkill. (Never wear platforms to the office, and keep the heels under 4″ tall!) Best classic pumps: Every woman needs a pair of classic pumps in both black and nude–mine here are slingbacks that I’ve had for years by Sam Edelman, one of my favorite shoe brands. This pair is super similar and I love the lower heel! Also, on the topic of slingbacks, I’m obsessed with these cap-toe slingbacks (Chanel look-alikes!) that are the perfect French-girl shoe! Best “on your feet all day” pumps: Everlane’s Day Heels have been my #1 most worn shoe ever since I got them. I have ever intention to get them in every color ?Size up if you’re in question. Best professional open-toed sandals:  If open-toed shoes are totally OK in your office, you still want to keep your footwear classy–these are my go-to heeled sandals and are still totally polished enough to wear to the office! Size down 1/2 size. Polished flats: These slingbacks have five star reviews and are under $50. I also love Everlane’s Modern Loafer (I have been DYING to get a pair! But all my friends swear by them–note–you DO have to break them in and then they will be very comfortable). They’re more sleek and feminine than a lot of other loafers which in turn I think makes them look more polished. (I also loveeee my Gucci loafers and often wear them with this outfit but obviously those are a splurge)! I also love Everlane’s Oxfords (they also take some breaking in, just a heads up, but then they will be comfy!)       Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kim says  September 6, 2018 at 1:24 pm I’ve found it so hard to find flats for the office! Thanks for the recs. I also LOVE button downs with jeans! Kim http://trendkeeper.me .. faux leather for the office! 
Michał says  December 3, 2018 at 12:27 pm Beautiful heels and the whole outfit. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Mules, Black And White Dresses, Off White Pumps, Denim Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 3, 2019   Aerie Swimsuit: Top, Bottoms (both on sale but nearly sold out!), Coverup: Similar  Bag: Nordstrom  HAPPYYY FOURTHHHHH my friends!  Popping in real quick with a little sale roundup with some of 4th of July sale picks, in case you have some down time and want to purchase a few great staples at a discount this weekend.  We’re heading to the lake early tomorrow morning to make it in time for our town’s cute little parade, and then plan to spend the weekend relaxing and hanging with family! Fingers crossed the weather holds out. I hope you guys have the BEST Fourth of July and happy shopping!  NORDSTROM: There are SO many awesome summer pieces marked down ahead of the Anniversary Sale for under $50 and $100. (Anniversary sale is all fall stuff, so their summer stuff is on sale right now!)  LORD + TAYLOR: Same situation here, they have a ton of markdowns at up to 60% off so take a browse!  J.CREW: 40% off regular-priced pieces PLUS 50% off sale items in-stores and online with code FIREWORKS! ASOS: One of my favorite places to find cute summer dresses has up to 40% off seasonal styles and is offering 20% off your purchase with code HAPPYJULY4TH! MADEWELL: They’re offering 25% off summer must-haves with code FIREWORK! LOFT: Hooking you up with 40% off sitewide AND free shipping! Use code HBDUSA ANN TAYLOR: Take 50% off your purchase with code JULY. They have some really cute summer pieces for under $30.  BANANA REPUBLIC: 40% off of women’s regular-priced styles and 30% off of men’s. Stock up for work!  BAUBLEBAR:  One of the best places to find cute, affordable jewelry is offering 15% off your purchase with code SUNSHINE. BEAUTYCOUNTER: Spend $175+ and get a FREE starter skincare set of your choice! See details here!    J.Crew has a LOT of really cute dresses on sale–I fell in love with the color and girly details of this one! It would look just as cute with heels as it would with white sneaks! This summery blazer is the perfect business casual weapon to protect against office AC while still looking polished! I loveee the look of these pants–perfect for vacation, and would make for great comfy and cute pants to wear on the plane, too! Madewell is having a big sale right now, and this cute little chambray number caught my eye! This would make a great travel dress, because it’ll keep you cool without blowing up in the wind–plus, it’s easy to dress up or down. You know I’m a sucker for a good versatile camisole–I love this Topshop version with the little ring detail that makes it summery and a little bit different! This pair of cult classic sandals are also included in Madewell’s sale–I haven’t tried them myself but with their 5 star reviews, I’m thinking about taking the plunge! They look like great all-purpose sandals! I am in LOVE with this jumpsuit–the deep navy color, the piping detail, and the cute pattern. Again, super easy to dress up or down! Madewell makes the *softest* t-shirt dresses, and the length of this one–I’m a broken record–makes it perfect for travel and also for work on casual Friday! If you’ve been looking for a pair of loose, comfy shorts–I found ’em! They’re on sale from Lou + Grey, so you know they’re comfortable! You’ve seen me style these wedges a million times on the blog before because they literally go with everything: dresses, shorts, jumpsuits etc. (See here, here and here) They’re the heels I grab 9 times out of 10 during the summer! HOW CUTE are these pants?! And at such a steal, too! Perfect swim cover up pants for vacay, or to throw on with a knotted tank to walk around the city in! Looking for cute shirts that you can wear to work AND on the weekend? Madewell’s got a lot of ’em marked down right now–and they never disappoint! I am in lovvveee with this jumpsuit–I have it in my cart as we speak! It has great reviews too–not just good for lounging in, but with classic sneakers and a jean jacket, it’s the perfect airplane outfit. I am actually SHOCKED these cult-favorite bestselling sandals are on sale! I have them in the white/cream color and love them so much. I love their Grecian vibe and they are super comfy! Filed Under: Shop, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Leggings, Triangle Bikinis Tops, Pink Bikinis, Light Blue Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 6, 2015   Fringe top: J.Crew // Turtleneck: J.Crew // Vegan leather leggings: American Apparel // Shoes: Jeffrey Campbell (old but similar below) // Necklace: Shamelessly Sparkly (c/o)// Bracelets: Shamelessly Sparkly (c/o), Busywrist (c/o), J.Crew  Happy Tuesday! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Is it just me or did the holiday break feel amazingly long, until yesterday, when it seemed there had never been a holiday break at all? Regardless, I’m still holding on to Christmas. I always hate this time of year when the festivities are finally over and all the trees, wreaths, and bows come down. So this shoot paid tribute to the fact that I’m still hanging on to the holidays (wah!) Moving on to our next topic: can you believe this adorable fringe number is from J.Crew? I couldn’t! I snatched it up over their Black Friday sale, and luckily it’s still available online! I’ve been all about fringe lately, and can’t get enough of it.  If you’re loving fringe as much as me, shop my favorite fringe below:    I couldn’t resist styling it with, well…pretty much every other favorite piece that I own. I’ve been living in these vegan leather leggings (which, have you noticed, is just a really fancy way of saying pleather? Isn’t that sneaky?) and I practically never take off this striped turtleneck (also a J.Crew staple). You can shop them both below!   And for jewelry, I paired some of my go-to pieces from my favorite jewelry gals, Shamelessly Sparkly and Busywrist (be sure to check out the Golden Girl stack!)  Have a happy Tuesday everyone! See you back here tomorrow! Shop Fringe Worthy  Photos by Kelly & Blair Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Embroidered, Mules, Tan Blouses, Long Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 16, 2017   Welcome back to SECOND month of the Capsule Wardrobe Remix series! This month, I put together a Winter Capsule Wardrobe (see the full item list here) with some versatile staples that will take you even beyond the holidays! Usually I post these on Fridays but I’m making an exception because Everlane (who makes this dress, which happens to be the star of the post, as well as several other items in this month’s capsule) is offering FREE two day shipping today only! (Wahoo!) So, let’s jump into how awesome this dress is, shall we? Here’s what I love about it, and what makes it so versatile: Sleeveless: Sleeveless, you say? Not the most intuitive choice for a winter dress, but here’s why a sleeveless dress is going to be your best friend for winter: layering. The fact that you can layer so many different things underneath it makes it way more versatile than a long sleeved dress! Here I’ll show you three different ways to wear layers underneath your dress. Slimming silhouette: This dress is a great shape–it’s short, so it hits you at a very flattering part of your thigh to elongate the leg, but isn’t too short to wear to the office. It’s also not too baggy or boxy–it subtly shows off your figure without being tight. The best fabric: It’s made of this fabric called “Japanese Go Weave” which is crease resistant and also cooling–which means, yes, you will not want to DIE of heat stroke the second you set foot into the [office, restaurant, dinner party]–which is especially important if you’ll be layering things underneath it! Great colors: I’ve already decided that I’m also ordering it in black–but it comes in a really pretty crimson too which will be perfect for the holidays if green isn’t your thang! The price: $78? REALLY? Cheap enough to buy two colors!  The quality: Everything I’ve purchased from Everlane has been very high quality, and this dress is no exception! Ethically made: One of my favorite things about the company is that they’re super transparent with everything they make and go out of their way to make routine audits at their factories to make sure the employee satisfaction is high and that the working conditions are up to par. You can actually read about the factory who makes this dress right here! Sizing tips: Runs TTS, I’m wearing a size 0, but I will say it’s a bit tighter in the chest/arm holes than some other dresses, so if you tend to need more room in that area, I would size up! Okay, cool, so you get why I love the dress so much. Let’s talk about the other items I used to style these looks: I recently got this camel coat from Ann Taylor and I am absolutely loving it! I’m confident that it will be one of my most favorite purchases of the entire season. It’s beautiful, chic, and most importantly–warm! I’ve been wearing it non-stop lately, and it’s even warm enough to still remain your “going out coat” all winter when you’re all dressed up and need a coat to go with your pretty dress. Styling it: I wear it wrapped with the belt tied, or left open with the belt tied in a knot in the back (like you would a trench!) Sizing: Runs TTS, I’m wearing XS. The Quilted Beadnell is great if you love the classic, preppy, quilted look but don’t want to pay an arm and a leg for a Burberry quilted jacket, this could be a good option! Granted, it’s not completely comparable, because of the corduroy collar, it’s a bit more casual, but still–a great dupe if I say so! I love that you can turn up the sleeves and have the plaid underneath as well! This version has a polar quilt lining, so it’s also extremely warm! You can also purchase a liner to go underneath this one as well for extra warmth. This one also comes in several colors, which I’ll link in the widget below. Where to buy: My recommended places to purchase Barbour are Tuckernuck and Nordstrom, but they are sold a lot of different places! I would check both of these because they tend to stock different sizes/colors at certain times. Sizing: Run small, size up. I’m wearing a US4 and I usually wear an XS in jackets.   Probably my #1 most worn piece in my winter wardrobe is a tissue turtleneck. (I also have it in grey and wear that one frequently as well!) It’s a super thin material, so it’s really more of a cozy version of a t-shirt. These make the best base layers and I wear them under everything for both visual interest as well as warmth. If stripes aren’t your thing, they come in lot’s of other colors too!   I’ve had this silk button-down for what feels like forever, and it’s rare for a week to go by without me pulling it out of the closet. I actually wrote a whole post about how much I love it right over here! It’s perfect for work (you can wear a nude bra underneath with no show-through, or a nude cami, if you’d prefer) and for date night, I love wearing a black lace bralette underneath (it’s not see through-just a hint!) OR you could even wear the lace camisole underneath! Basically, its my go-to top year-round for pretty much all occasions, and it’s a really great price too! Another sweater that makes me feel incredibly chic and timeless–the black turtleneck (this one is on sale for $29 right now at J.Crew Factory!!) I also love the button details on this one from Ann Taylor, and this one is always a classic. It’s flattering, slimming and can be dressed up or dressed down very easily! Black sweaters are also key for travel–they don’t show any dirt, stains or spills! The crown jewel of my wardrobe: my Stuart Weitzman Lowland boots. I wear them SO. MUCH. And sadly, I can confidently say there is no budget-friendly duplicate out there. I have searched high and low! They are expensive for a reason–no other thigh-high, tie-in-the-back boots that I’ve found really hug your leg like these do. However–good news–I DO love the budget-friendly Blondo Olivia boots! They don’t look exactly the same, (they aren’t as tall, and they stretch in the back vs. tie) but if you want a boot that is going to hug your leg in a similar fashion, this is a great choice! They’re also waterproof, and come in grey as well! I wear these boots when I want to save my Stuart Weitzmans from crazy weather! I just recently got these knee-high boots from Splendid (you saw me style them over here!) and I absolutely love the look of them. They look so cute with skirts and dresses as well as jeans! Best of all, they are SO comfy. I walked all over San Francisco in them one day and zero blisters or toe pinching! They come in black as well as brown–Sam Edelman makes a similar pair in a lighter tan color that is beautiful as well! Linking more below too:   Another item from Everlane (they are really the MVP brand of this capsule!) I got these oxfords last spring and wore them all the way through May–and I was SO excited to pull them out again for fall! They’re truly one of the most beautifully crafted pair of shoes that I own. I love that they’re so classic and preppy looking, but the slightly pointed toe provides a more modern, minimalistic twist. They’re back again! Yes, you also saw them in last month’s capsule, but you know the saying–if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it! Every woman should have one pair of classic, sleek, black pumps. I adore these Sam Edelmans. (Mine are actually slinkbacks from a few years ago but these are the current version. There is also a version with an ankle strap!) The price point on these is great, they are super comfy, and they are so versatile, you will wear them year-round from everything from work to weddings to dates and everything in between.   I love this leopard clutch and wear it everywhere. (Nordstrom actually has a TON of different leopard clutches right now!) I’m a huge fan of it for going out because it brightens up even the most basic outfit. Plus, it’s such a steal for less than $50 and it looks and feels like the designer version.  The Madewell Transport tote making the capsule wardrobe cut comes as a shock to absolutely none of you, I am sure. It’s my everything bag. Work, travel, groceries–whatever, this is always the bag I’m reaching for and it comes in several sizes, styles and colors as well.   I was so on the fence when I purchased this crossbody (it’s Rebecca Minkoff’s ‘Love’ bag in size small!) as to whether or not I would wear it, but I’d have to say it’ snow become one of my most reached for bags. I really love the fact that it’s olive, which is a neutral, but a really fun mix-up from the typical tan or grey. Although my exact version is no longer available, this one is nearly identical, just slightly larger! Now, let’s get into these four looks!  Let’s start with the most intuitive way to wear this dress, yes? You can wear it all by its sweet little self with your favorite pair of classic pumps (I love love this pair) to just about any holiday party this year! (Don’t forget the red lipstick! The color I’m wearing here is “Russian Roulette by RMS Beauty–I love the long-lasting formula that doesn’t dry out your lips. A safe beauty brand, too!) Want to take it up a notch? Pair it with some velvet heels, or even some leopard pumps! (Just not if you plan to wear a leopard bag too, haha!) The cherry on top? A festive hair bow! I can’t get enough of hair bows and think they are so darn cute. You can tie any old ribbon around your ponytail, but Nordstrom also sells some adorable versions (with velvet ribbon, too!) that affixed to hair-ties for a no-fail bow every time! When you head out the door, a chic camel coat pairs perfectly to keep you toasty warm to and from the uber 
       Heading to a cute but casual function this month? Layer a tissue turtleneck underneath the dress  I absolutely adore these knee-high suede boots as well! They bring so much personality to the outfit, and they have a small heel to make them work for slightly more formal occasions, but are comfortable to walk in for miles! Finally, the quilted Barbour Beadnell coat is the perfect top layer to finish off the casual look. (Still cold? You can always wear black tights underneath! I’d go with opaque ones!)      This is one of my favorite looks of this post! I absolutely love the “smart chic” vibe this combination gives off. I’ve had these oxfords for over a year now and I wear them from Fall through Spring (they have to be retired for summer, but I was SO excited to pull them out again!) They’re a great office shoe because they’re a super polished alternative to a ballet flat. Button your silk button down all the way to the top, and layer it underneath for a very polished result! (You can also do this with a crisp white button down!) As for the bag, you know by now this is one of my #1 bags in my whole wardrobe. It goes just about everywhere with me and is truly the perfect work bag! Finally, circling back to that camel coat again! It’s pretty darn perfect to wear to the office and is polished enough for business meetings. (At first I was like “I’m wearing this coat too much”–but then I decided that no, I wasn’t! I actually DO wear it for all of these occasions, and I thought it was important to demonstrate its versatility!)      You know I’m a sucker for any dress paired with OTK boots. It’s just the easiest way to look ultra pulled-together and stylish! I went for a black on black theme here, with a black turtleneck sweater layered underneath, which feels very modern and sleek to me. Because this was a date night look, I pulled out my old trusty skinny leopard belt (mine’s old, but similar here)–which is my go-to trick for shortening a dress a couple of inches! Of course, this is totally optional, makes it just a little bit sexier for a night out, and I think the leopard adds a fun twist of pattern. (And yes, if you were wondering–here’s proof that the camel coat is perfect for date night, too ;-))    SaveSave Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Style  
Taylor Cannon says  November 16, 2017 at 7:31 am I love these combinations! I wasn’t sure if I liked that dress when I first saw it posted in the capsule, but seeing it styled I LOVE it, so cute! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
gschneider says  January 12, 2018 at 9:57 am same here! 
Diana Pearl says  November 16, 2017 at 9:02 am Love the dress with the silk button down underneath!! I have a camel coat identical to this one and I loveee it, it’s seriously such an elegant piece! x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Lucy Claire says  November 16, 2017 at 8:38 pm Love these! Looks so cute sleeveless, and your hair looks super cute in the high-pony! xx Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Long Sleeve Tees, High Waist Flare Pants, Wedge Pumps Shoes, Blue Platform Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 17, 2019   Dress: Free People Love Of My Life Dress c/o Shopbop but also available at Nordstrom in other colors (wearing XS. Runs TTS) I LOVE Free People dresses–I think they have so many great ones for summer! Also love this one by Gal Meets Glam if you want a more modest/classic version without such a deep v in the front! I also love this linen midi which I styled here–also very versatile and a totally different look! Sandals: Something Navy for Nordstrom–they are shockingly comfortable! Come in black leather and an adorable black and white calf hair animal print too! Purse: Topshop (they have the CUTEST purses right now!) Lipstick: Beautycounter Red  Happy FRIDAY, friends! We got back from New York last night and it was such a fun trip. Sometimes it’s just really nice to switch up the routine, you know? Neal was there on a work trip so I hopped on board to take advantage of the free hotel room. I figured I’d just work from coffee shops during the day but there was one small hiccup I did not foresee:  Or if you do find one, you can’t find any seats!? Entrepreneurs–freelancers–bloggers–WHERE do you work!?! I guess because the city is just so jammed nobody offers wifi because they don’t want squatters take up real estate and not buying a lot of stuff, but still. Jeeze! I guess I take for granted how many coffee shops we have in Chicago! (By the way, there’s a whole blog post right here with my favorites!) It feels good to be back at The Wing in Chicago this morning haha!  Anyway–switching gears–let’s talk about this dress! Been getting a lottt of requests for versatile dress ideas. I’m happy to report, you’ll want to live in this one for the next several months. (It’s also perfect for travel–because it’s comfy, cool, and so easy to dress up and down!)  I’m also dying laughing as I write this post because someone recently told me “you and Blair and Shaheen wear all the same clothes and it’s annoying”. (First of all, SOMEONE was wearing their crank pants that day.) Second–I mean, despite being snarky–girl’s got a point.  Do you always find yourself buying the same clothes as your best friends? I suppose it’s because the three of us frequently shop at the same places (Shopbop, Nordstrom, Everlane being the triefecta) but somehow we VERY often end up wearing the same thing. However, I happen to think we style most items pretty differently–so there’s that at least.  Actually, Blair, 100% got it first and then Shaheen and I, unbeknownst to each other, both ordered it in pink and brought it on the Patron trip with us; where we shot these pictures. (I also think Blair might own it in two colors these days. Which has me thinking–I think I need the blue!)  Hopefully this demonstrates how truly awesome this dress is. I also think it’s helpful that we all have different, er, volumes in the chest area–because it works on all three of us. (Shaheen wears hers with this bralette underneath because it’s a little too showy on her without it). Although, I will say, if you are gifted in the bust area the deep V might be too much and instead I’d recommend this similar dress that isn’t so low in the front!  I don’t wear a bra with it–I wear petals from Amazon (these are great because they come in different shades to match different skin tones!) You’d definitely need a plunge bra if you wanted to wear a regular bra with it because the neckline is deeper than usual!  You better believe this dress is going to be the first thing in my suitcase anytime I travel this summer. The material (which we’ll get more into in just a second) is this thicker nubby linen–meaning, it has that look to it that’s supposed to look “lived in” and imperfect. You don’t have to worry about it being a little wrinkled–it’s supposed to be that way! When I travel, I want to bring as many “one piece” outfits as possible that do double duty for day and night, and this is definitely one of them.  Like I mentioned above, the material is thicker than you’d expect for your average linen dress (therefore it also isn’t see through!) yet–despite being thicker, it’s definitely not hot. I definitely would’ve worn this all over Italy in the summer heat! On the flip-side, when it starts to cool down in the fall, this would be really perfect with a leather jacket and booties!  Did you see this post on how I styled this favorite linen jumpsuit three ways? (Which by the way, it just got re-stocked!) You could style this the exact same way–with sneakers (these are the one’s I recommend that go with everything and are so comfy!) with flats, and with wedges!       Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Wedge Sandals, High Waist Flare Pants, Black Pumps Shoes, Navy Blue Blouses Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 29, 2017   Faux leather skirt: Topshop (less than $50!), Suede OTK boots: Stuart Weitzman (splurge!) but these are my favorite budget-friendly OTK boots and I LOVE them. (Also come in grey!) They’re also waterproof! Convertible Sweater: (both cowl neck AND off the shoulder!): Nordstrom (comes in SOO many colors and is the softest thing you’ve ever felt!) Work Tote: Madewell Transport tote – also comes in plain black, and I really want the black version with tan handles, too! Leopard Clutch: B.P. – it’s only $49! (also, have you seen this leopard crossbody for $99!?) Is it just me, or is it widely known that Fall is everyone’s favorite time of year to get dressed? It’s not too hot, not too cold…(okay, other than April 25th, which as we all know, is the perfect date! :-P) But really. I’m ready for boot weather! On the flip side though, for those who work in business casual environments, Fall can be a little bit more of a challenge! I mean, in summer, all you have to do is throw on a dress and flats. But Fall requires more layers. And sometimes layers and add, you know, more complications. One tricky situation in particular–you love your OTK boots, but you don’t know how to make them work for the office in a way that is, you know, appropriate? Until, TODAY. My friends.  To set the scene: I’m in my living room (because that’s where our full length mirror is, so sadly for Neal, this space often gets turned into my closet when I’m prepping for photo shoots) amidst of what looks like the aftermath of an atomic clothing bomb. “I’m playing around trying to figure out a way to make my OTK boots work for the office.” Neal snorts and eyes me suspiciously, giving me the, “don’t you know there is no WAY you are going to make those boots look “conservative” look, before walking back into his man lair. About 10 minutes later, I bounded into his home office and just stood there proudly, waiting for him to look up from his desk. “YOU DID IT!” (Guys, if Neal approves, you know it’s a good outfit.)  So, let’s jump into these pieces, and most importantly, why this outfit works, yes? First of all, you can get all of them at Nordstrom, which is one of my favorite places to shop for really versatile wardrobe staples. If you’re looking for a few key, quality pieces that you can wear to work, to date night, out with the girls, and to brunch, I think their selection and range of price points is truly unparalleled. Now that you know where to get your key wardrobe staples, on to the styling tips!  First, let’s discuss the OTK boots themselves. I own two pairs of flat OTK boots. My first OTK purchase was the Blondo Olivia Boots, and I went through a LOT of trial and error to find them. I have small calves, and no other OTK boots that I found (aside from the Stuart Weitzman Lowlands) fit me properly. They are a fantastic price point, and best of all, they’re waterproof. Unlike the Lowlands, they do not tie in the back, but have elastic in the back so they really do hug your calves–this is great for everyone, from small calves, to larger calves and everything in between. Then, Neal surprised me with the Lowlands for Christmas, which are now my go-to boots, because–obviously. They are phenomenal and hands down are my favorite pair of boots I will ever own. However, I still do wear my Blondo Olivia boots when its bad weather out and I don’t want to expose my Lowland boots to snow or rain. Both pairs run true to size, and I love them both so much for different reasons. Deciding which is right for you really comes down to price point, but I hope this makes your shopping a bit easier! I was worried this leather pencil skirt would be too long to pull off with OTK boots. (Personally I like when there is a sliver of leg showing, otherwise, I feel like it looks too matronly) but it turns out, it’s the perfect length! It’s not too short to wear to the office, but it’s also not so long that I wouldn’t wear it out at night. It’s not too tight either, which is obviously the other concern with making it 9-5 appropriate. The best part is that it’s under $50 as well. (Sizing tip: Topshop runs small, so make sure to order the size in parenthesis for the best fit. Another reason I love Nordstrom–they always have the most accurate sizing tips!)  This convertible sweater is EVERYTHING you guys. It’s cowl neck, which is great, but even better–it’s off the shoulder, too! It’s actually tunic length, but easy to tuck in as well. I will definitely be wearing this on my next airplane with leggings and sneakers. Hint: It’s also going to be featured in a new series coming up where I show you how to style it even more ways. Get excited! It’s so incredibly soft, and it comes in so many colors. I think I may order it in the green and burgundy as well! This is no surprise, you see this tote bag on the blog almost weekly. It’s an amazing work bag and is so roomy. It fits both my laptop and my camera at the same time when I travel, and whenever readers ask for my reccos regarding work totes, I always send them to this one! I really love the black and brown version too, which might be better if you tend to wear a lot of black to work. Whenever you wear OTK boots with a skirt, you want to make sure that you’re balancing them out on top, especially if you’re going to work. If you show too much skin when wearing them, you can often look, ehrm, “like a floozie” as my mom might say. The reason this look works well is because the skirt length is long enough to still be office conservative, but short enough to still show off a little bit of leg without being inappropriate. Additionally, the BIG reason this works is because the boots are flat. If you’re going to splurge on OTK boots, I always recommend flat ones, just because, when you add height, again, it’s much easier to, you know…as Lynn would say. The fact that the sweater also has a cowl neck works nicely to add some volume and balance up on top. It’s basically like having a built-in scarf!  Now, suppose you’re going straight from work to a date–you don’t have time to go home and change, and you don’t want to look like you just came from the office. What do you do? Just two little steps, and you’re set!  Like I said, BEST SWEATER EVER. All you have to do to take it from desk to dinner is pull down the shoulders!  This leopard clutch has already proved to be so versatile and one that I will wear all year round. I purchased it in the summer but it’s also great to add a pop of pattern and interest to fall outfits! This one honestly isn’t even required, just a bonus! At the end of the day, my hair has usually fallen. It doesn’t look as great as it did in the morning. So, I often opt for a ponytail if I don’t have time for touch-ups. Fun fact: This is Neal’s favorite way that I wear my hair! I usually pull it into a high ponytail upside down, and then pull a few pieces up on the top of my head to give it some messy volume. For lips, it’s no secret that I love red. MAC has some of my favorite formulas–”MAC Red” is a classic hue, and I love “Lady Danger” for a more orange pop!     P.S. more over the knee boots outfits here and here! This post brought to you by Nordstrom, one of my favorite retailers Photos by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Outfits, Style Tagged With: cute fall outfits, otk boots, over the knee boots outfits 
Britney Crawley says  September 29, 2017 at 8:03 am So fun! I love that you can wear all the same pieces in such a different way. I’m excited to see more from this series! I always love pieces that function well for different occasions. 
Liz says  September 29, 2017 at 8:09 am Super cute look Jess! Love that the sweater is convertible — such a great piece to style in different ways. 
Caitlin Edwards says  September 29, 2017 at 9:26 am I love that sweater! I recently got another Gibson brand sweater which was so soft! Love the OFS sweater look! http://Www.themilestraveled.com 
Michał says  December 3, 2018 at 12:08 pm You look beautiful in these high boots! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop No Heel Wedges, Black Blouses, Black Tees, Maxi Dresses With Sleeves and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 1, 2019  Remember this post from a couple weeks back where I wore a similar cheerfully striped sweater? Well…I couldn’t stop there with the fun colorful sweaters–”happy sweaters,” I call them–I’m on a tear. ? Due to the fact that I’m at my winter breaking point (yet I know it’s still going to be cold for at least another month and a half)–I decided a few fun, colorful sweaters were a necessary wardrobe addition. SO many of you loved the sweater I styled here, that I thought it would be fun to do a styling lesson on how to style a bold, colorful sweater lot’s of different ways! So in today’s post I’m teaming up with Nordstrom to style yet another sweater that I KNOW will bring some cheer to your wardrobe!  Like I’ve been saying a lot lately, just because something is bold doesn’t mean it can’t be versatile. I hope today proves it to you! ?  First, let’s talk about the start of the show–the striped sweater itself! Just like last week’s version (?) this one is also B.P. from Nordstrom –which is one of my favorite go-to brands exclusive to Nordstrom! If something is B.P. I can count on it being adorable and reasonably priced. (This sweater I’m wearing here is under $50, and the one from last week is $55!) I typically always have great luck with Nordstrom brands–Halogen is another all-time favorite of mine as well. Speak of the devil, I’ll actually be styling this pretty coral Halogen sweater with the ruffle neck in another blog post very soon!  Shop more happy sweaters:     Sweater (runs TTS, wearing XS! This one and this one are also super similar and so cute! TTS!) Spanx leggings, Blondo boots (my exact pair are old but they have similar versions! They run TTS!)  You know my love for leather leggings–I think they go so nicely with this sweater in particular because of the subtle black stripe in the pattern that really ties it all together. You know I’ve spent my career convincing you that you don’t have to be “trendy” or “edgy” to pull of leather leggings ?Hopefully this is a convincing example! ?This is a great way to still dress warm on a rainy/snowy day but still feel a little bit springy!  Sweater (runs TTS, wearing XS! This one and this one are also super similar and so cute!) Spanx leggings, Tretorn sneakers (SO COMFY! Run TTS! They’re also styled here!)  Same sweater and leggings, different shoes! This is a great example of a comfy outfit for travel, or heading to a casual brunch on the weekends! Comfy, but still stylish and put-together!   Sweater (runs TTS, wearing XS! This one and this one are also super similar and so cute!) Rag and Bone jeans, Gucci loafers (go down 1/2 size) but Sam Edelman makes the BEST dupe that is so comfy! Those run TTS!  If you work in a more casual environment, this is a great example of an outfit that is still very casual but polished and professional! Dark skinnies are also a very versatile choice, and you can’t go wrong with black loafers! Again, I really like pairing black items with this sweater because of the black stripe, and it helps tone down the springiness of the sweater so it still feels weather appropriate.   Sweater (runs TTS, wearing XS! This one and this one are also super similar and so cute!) BLANKNYC moto jacket (snap this up NOW because it goes out of stock fast! Runs TTS)  Rag and Bone jeans, Tretorn sneakers (so comfy, run TTS!) They’re also styled here! I absolutely LOVE a good moto jacket, as you know– and going with a jacket color that ties in with the color of the sweater is always a foolproof move! I think it results in a fun color blocking matchy-matchy effect. If you’re someone that worries moto jackets are too edgy for you, try pairing them with more classic items, like skinny jeans and a classic white sneaker–then it will feel a bit more approachable!   Sweater (runs TTS, wearing XS! This one and this one are also super similar and so cute!) Similar black mini skirts here, Blondo boots (my exact pair are old but they have similar versions! They run TTS!)  A sweater, mini skirt, and OTK boots are one of my go-to outfit formulas in the winter and the fall. This look is perfect for a night out either on a date or with girlfriends! Super stylish, a little sexy, but still comfortable and warm!   Sweater (runs TTS, wearing XS! This one and this one are also super similar and so cute!) White Madewell skinny jeans (TTS)–you guys all rave about the J.Crew Toothpick White Jeans too! J.Crew Jean Jacket (TTS), Halogen heels (TTS) –also styled here! Wishful thinking here, BUT, it’s going to EVENTUALLY get warmer ?This look is perfect for those chilly spring days when it’s warm enough to wear open toed shoes but you still need a little extra warmth on top! Remember how I said pairing this sweater with black items made it feel more seasonally appropriate? Here, you can see what a big difference just swapping dark jeans for white ones can make! This look feels ALL IN spring, and I’m into it. Also, if it’s too chilly, you can totally swap these super comfy open toed sandals for neutral booties!  This post brought to you by Nordstrom and ShopStyle! Thank you so much for supporting the partnerships that keep this brand going and allow me to continue creating the best possible content for my girls. (AKA YOU!)  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Amelia says  March 1, 2019 at 3:37 am Nice post, i really like it. Thanks for that 
Mackenzie says  March 4, 2019 at 6:32 pm I love these posts! I would love to see a post about different ways to style Jean jackets  
Maille says  March 5, 2019 at 8:13 am Love this little style tutorial, Jess! Your capsule wardrobe posts (or similar, where you show multiple ways to style the same thing) are my absolute fave! 
Alyssa Brianna says  March 6, 2019 at 4:56 pm Great article and lovely photo. As someone have just starting out in the world of blogging.
Regards
Alyssa Brianna | peachcouture.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Blouses, Striped Dresses, Black Clutches, Silver Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 22, 2017  Cropped pullover: Zella at Nordstrom–I also love this cropped crewneck that ties in the front! Also, how cute is this backless crewneck sweatshirt to show off your cute sports bra? // Green yoga pants: Zella at Nordstrom, they come in 6 different colors and patterns! This pair is similar if you like cropped yoga pants.// Strappy crop/sports bra: Reebok at Nordstrom (available in teal here)–also seen in this workout motivation outfit post! This one and this one are cute, too! // Shoes: Nike (old) but I think I’m going to get this grey & white pair next.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I’m not sure if it’s the time of year or because our wedding is slowly (quickly?) creeping up on us, but this month has been all about making little changes with big impacts. Regardless of why I’ve gotten the sudden burst of inspiration, I thought I would share the 5 personal goals I’ve been working towards this month! I have always been a huge proponent of getting up early, and I used to all the time. For whatever reason, over the last year or so, I’ve been sleeping in much later–until 7:30 or even 8, and it was really taking a toll on me. I always felt like I was in catch-up mode and there were never enough hours in the day. When I get up early, I feel like I have so much time! Does EVERYTHING on the to-do list get done? No, not even close, but a lot MORE gets done when my alarm goes off at 6! I’m also SO much more productive in the morning hours! Kelly inspired me to get back into my early-morning routine. One of her goals this month is to get up at 6, so I just jumped on the bandwagon. We text/g-chat each other in the morning to make sure we’re both up  If you’re one of those people who always seems to struggle to find enough time–do yourself a favor, and get up earlier! If you have a problem hitting the snooze button several times like I do, you NEED an app called Kiwake. I wrote about it in this post! You’ll absolutely loathe it and love it at the same time. (Just trust me.) The six month wedding countdown has begun! While I’m not trying to “lose weight” for the wedding, I definitely want to feel the best that I ever have, and tone up all over. I’m trying to make it a goal to work out at least 4 times per week–usually that’s in the form of yoga (I belong to CorePower and LOVE it! I wrote all about it in this post, if you’re curious) but even just a 25 min workout at home counts. My workouts tend to ebb and flow with the time of year and admittedly, any form of physical activity is the first to to when my to-do list gets too long (terrible, I know!)–so I’m really trying to ensure that doesn’t happen. Shop more workout favorites:    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Again, not trying to go overboard here (who are we kidding? I’m not the kind that can keep a super strict diet for 6 months! I love pizza and fries too much!) but Monday through Friday I’m starting to make a point to eat clean. I go to the grocery store on Sunday or Monday and plan out my meals for the week. In terms of go-to’s, I usually get a rotisserie chicken (great for healthy chicken salad, wraps, and soups), veggies, eggs, string cheese, crackers (thin Triscuits and Mary’s Got Crackers are two favorites) I also love making turkey joe lettuce wraps. If you guys want me to do a post where I go into more details on my grocery list–let me know! (You can also check out my Trader Joe’s favorites I wrote about here.) We also love going out and date nights are really important to us, so on the weekends, I usually let things slide. (Because, hello? LIFE?) We’re still 6 months out from the wedding…I don’t need to go that nuts too soon  
Have you read Blair’s post on diet changes?? She inspired me to drink a LOT more water. I realized I was drinking like, 1/16th of the recommended amount of water for my weight. (Okay, I didn’t do the exact math, but it was BAD.) She shared a cool trick I didn’t know–to determine the recommended amount of ounces you should be consuming per day, take your body weight and divided in half–that number is about the minimum of ounces you should be drinking! So I’ve started filling up my tumbler cup (16oz) and adding a few pieces of frozen fruit for flavor. It makes it delicious and now it’s so easy to get down several cups per day!  I wrote a post about my favorite productivity methods a year or so back–if you haven’t read it, pop on over here! The Pomodoro method in particular works really well for me, so I try to do that whenever possible. For example, I sit down early in the morning with my coffee, assess my to-do list, and assign time-slots for each of the to-do’s. I work for 1.5 hours on, and then take a 20 minute break. During this time I tidy up the house, change/get ready for the day, do a load of laundry, etc. It not only makes you motivated to stay on-task, but you also accomplish a TON of non work-related stuff, too! This month I’ve been working on sticking to this method as much as possible, and planning out my week in advance. This makes it easier to be a lot more organized and avoid feeling like I’m scrambling when Thursday or Friday rolls around! Shop this post:    Filed Under: Lifestyle, Outfits, Personal notes, Style  
Britney Crawley says  March 22, 2017 at 7:21 am I love that you’re being inspired by Kelly and Blair! I think it’s hard to change a morning wake-up routine, and it’s a fantastic idea to have someone to text in the mornings! I’ve never been successful at getting up earlier, so I just decided to embrace my non-morning-person-ness. At least for now. 
Kellie | The B Hive says  March 22, 2017 at 7:31 am I downloaded Kiwake thanks to your post and you’re right- I absolutely hate that thing but love that it gets me up at 5:15 every morning, no snoozing or oversleeping! So effective! 
Rachel Spross says  March 22, 2017 at 8:17 am I’m going to have to get Kiwake! I am right there with you about feeling like I have to play catch up all day if I don’t get up early. And I think your plan to eat clean Mon-Fri is great. It’s hard to completely deprive yourself of the things you love! It’s all about balance, and it sounds like you’ve got it!  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Megan says  March 22, 2017 at 8:52 am I am going to download Kiwake right now! Love this post and so many great goals Jess! // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Diana Pearl says  March 22, 2017 at 9:08 am I need to download Kiwake! It’s so hard for me to get up in the morning but I need to make it happen. Such a great list of goals! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Molly O'Connor says  March 24, 2017 at 7:30 pm Love these goals!! I have been trying to eat healthy throughout the week too, but still struggling on that one haha! http://www.mollyonthemoveblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Sandals, Printed Pants, Gold Pumps Shoes, Designer Gowns On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 18, 2017    Tie-sleeve sweater: Nordstrom (also similar here, here, here and here!) Leather leggings: mine are really old (they’ve been a staple of mine for YEARS!), but this pair, this pair, and this pair are super similar. There’s also this pair that is a faux leather denim look if you don’t like leggings!  Scarf: from last season, but nearly identical here (but it’s reversible!) also, have you seen that this “it” scarf from last year is back in stock!? I’m also obsessed with this tartan scarf from Topshop!  Coat: Barbour Beadnell (I also love my quilted version!) Purse: Rebecca Minkoff small love bag, the regular size Rebecca Minkoff  is also nearly identical! Boots: from last year, but I loveeee this similar pair–if you prefer booties, I love these these and these in a similar color. Sunnies: Ray Ban Wayfarers (I stole them from Neal ?) Happy Wednesday! Have you been having a good week so far? I for one have been enjoying this GLORIOUS weather we’ve been having. (Remember last week when I said it was getting awkward talking about all these “fall” clothes when it still felt like July? I feel much better now ?) So far, this week has been pretty slow and relatively uneventful! Neal is actually home ALMOST every night this week. During the week, work usually keeps him super busy so we don’t get to spend a ton of time together on weeknights! So it kind of feels almost like a vacation, haha!  I went on a major Trader Joe’s run on Friday. Somehow I actually planned ahead grocery-wise ( for once in my life ). So we’ve been making healthy dinners at home which has been awesome! (Do you guys want to see a TJ’s favorites round two post? You can see round #1 of my Trader Joe’s favorites over here!) We’re also trying to make a dent in our wedding thank you notes this week. I reaaaallyy need to start re-organizing our house post-wedding. (OMG I just re-read this paragraph. Domestic city over here. Geeeeezeee.) Anyway, over the past several days, I’ve gotten a LOT of wear out of these fall favorites. I’ve had some requests lately on how to style more trendy items (like a tie sleeve sweater or leather leggings) with more classic items (like a Barbour coat, or riding boots!) so in today’s post, I thought we’d do just that! (I absolutely love getting requests from you guys by the way–if you ever have a question or blog post idea, just message me on Instagram!)    So, first up, let’s start with one of my FAVORITE fall trends–the tie-sleeve sweater! There are so many different versions out there right now. I’m linking up my favorites below. Think of them like your favorite regular old cozy sweater, but with the prettiest feminine detail that really takes an ordinary outfit up a notch! I also like that it’s obviously very on-trend right now, but it’s nothing that the average girl like you or me can’t pull off  Shop tie-sleeve sweaters:    You know I’m a big fan of leather leggings (did you see this post, where I showed you how to wear leather leggings three ways?!) They can often be daunting. They feel a little over the top, but not when you pair them with the right items! If you treat them like you would regular leggings or jeans, they can make a really cool statement while still being classy at the same time. Shop leather leggings:     I think we can all agree that the plaid blanket scarf is the Pumpkin Spice Latte of Fall wardrobes. Yes, it’s basic, and no, we can’t get enough of them. The one you see me wearing here is from last season, but they came out with a new, better version this year–it’s reversible! It has same plaid pattern on one side–a different one on the other! Seriously, just look at how cute it is. There’s also this plaid cape for only $39 that looks like the exact same pattern! There’s also this infinity scarf version! Shop more plaid scarves:      I’ve had my Barbour Beadnell jacket for a few years now and it’s always one of my go-to coats for fall and winter. You can purchase a liner which makes it warm enough to wear on a warm winter day (sounds ridiculous, I know, but I mean–like, for when it’s “nice” and your arctic tundra Canada Goose is too much, haha!) The wax coating makes it water repellant, which makes it amazing for all weather (you can get a hood for it, too!) I also wear it when it starts to thaw out in the spring! I also have the quilted black version, which I love equally, if you’re more into that look! Note: pay close attention to sizing tips on the site–since I purchased mine several years ago they’ve updated their sizing, so I can’t speak to it as well as the site does! (That’s another reason I like buying things at Nordstrom, because their sizing is really precise!) Annnyywaayyyy, many of you have told me on instagram that this particular Barbour coat (the wax coated green version) is a mystery when it comes to styling. What ELSE do you wear with it other than jeans and a plaid button down? That’s where we go back to the old leather leggings trick  Mixing up just one element gives you a whole new look! I also like it thrown over a t-shirt dress like this one (styled in this post) with OTK boots or tights!  Speaking of boots, feel free to insert just about any favorite fall boot you have here  For this look I chose riding boots. I love how sleek they are and the fact that they’re equestrian inspired. (My pair is from last year, but this pair is super similar and sooo pretty! At a great price, too!) This pair is also a cult classic! You won’t be surprised to know that all my fall favorites you see here come from one of my standbys: Nordstrom. Have you shopped their “trend” section of their website lately? I love that they carry such a wide variety of on trend items that are actually attainable–you know what I mean? Some of my favorite affordable brands that are my go-to’s when I shop here are BP, Topshop and Lush, to name a few! (Do you have any other affordable favorites?)  This post was sponsored by Nordstrom, a retailer I love and shop at often!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney Crawley says  October 18, 2017 at 7:19 am Love the tie sleeve sweater! So cute paired with your leather leggings- the texture mixing is on point. Looks great with the jacket, boots, and scarf. […] Jess has great advice for styling the tie-sleeve sweater you’re seeing everywhere this season […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Graphic Hoodies, Grey Leggings, Gowns Dresses, Wide Leg Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 4, 2017   Navy Off The Shoulder Top: BB Dakota (also comes in red!) and it’s on sale for $56! And how cute is this striped one? // Jeans: J.Brand Maria High-Waisted Skinny Jeans in “Bluebird” wash. They come in tons of washes–I also love this wash, this wash, and this wash! This pair is also similar and more budget-friendly! // Shoes: Steve Madden “Irenee” sandals, which also come in ton’s of colors! Right now they’re on sale for only $55! I also love the cork heel version! // Jacket: Old, but similar here, here and here // Earrings: c/o Tuckernuck–come in lot’s of colors, and I love these ones, too! // Lipstick: Estee Lauder LipVinyl in “Burn”  Okay, I have a question to ask. Be honest. Well, wait. First, some background. My friend Meg was over a few weeks ago and we were standing in my guest bedroom talking about the various ways I could decorate it, and we started talking about decor, you know, yada yada yada. She mentioned in passing that my interior style had a bit of “boho” in it, and I thought–wow, that is so weird, because I would never describe my personal style–aka–my clothing, as “boho.” I can probably rattle off 3 things total off the top of my head that might even qualify as “boho” in my wardrobe. In my mind, I typically steer toward the classics that are on the feminine side. But my interior style? Totally different! Moroccan rugs, southwestern flair, funky woven baskets–I love it all. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

So, this brings me back to my question: Do you think it’s weird to have decor and personal style that are so different? Like, how does that work exactly? I think perhaps where they intersect for me is the inspiration I draw from other eras–I’m always drawn to vintage furniture, rugs, and mixing the old with the new, and I suppose that rings true for my wardrobe, too! Exhibit A, I realized, is today’s outfit! Red lips: It’s no secret that I love a classic red lip! I love how this color has an orangey undertone. This lipstick is by Estee Lauder, and it’s kind of like a super long-lasting lacquer that is build-able! They have a lot of pretty colors–this one is called “Burn.” Leather jacket: This wins #1 MVP of my wardrobe. I wear this jacket with everything, everywhere! I got mine while studying abroad in Italy (if you’re ever in Florence, go to Massimo leather!) but this one and this one are similar! Dark, high-waisted skinnies: I’m a broken record, I know, but a girl only needs a few great pairs of jeans, and these J.Brand Maria jeans are the most flattering pair that I own! They come in tons of different washes too. If you haven’t jumped on the high-waisted train yet–you should try them out, they make your legs look 100x longer than any other jeans! OTS top with bell sleeves: I love loveee this off the shoulder top by BB Dakota! (It also comes in red!) It’s so nicely gathered at the top, and ties in a bow in the front. Its the prettiest navy color and my favorite part is the bell sleeves that have a little hippy flair to them!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Woven tassel earrings: This pair by Tuckernuck is one of my favorite go-tos–they recently came out with their own line of earrings and they are SO cute! These sandals: Chunky low heels are so trendy right now–which is REALLY lucky for us, because they are so much more comfortable than regular high heels!  The pair I’m wearing here is on sale at Nordstrom for just $55 and they have so many colors in stock!      Shop this post:    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Megan @ Lush to Blush says  May 4, 2017 at 9:14 am I love that outfit! I think it’s cool to have different personal and design styles..tapping into different sides of yourself. 
Diana Pearl says  May 4, 2017 at 10:23 am I feel like my first instinct interior/personal styles are actually pretty similar, but I can definitely appreciate all sorts of interior styles, and would even want to incorporate different ones into my own home (when it’s bigger than a tiny NYC rental! haha.) If that makes sense? Love this look though! I really want a jacket like that. Next time I’m in Florence!!! Haha.  x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Maxi Dresses, White Gowns, Pumps Heels Shoes, Camis And Tanks and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 1, 2019   It’s officially MAY! Which means…Mother’s Day is around the corner–can you believe it?! At the request of many of you, if you still need some ideas, I pulled together a gift guide of Mothers Day gifts that any mom will love! (Whether its for your mom, or YOURSELF–no shame! ?)  I think this is GENIUS! This is an insert that you can easily pick up and move from tote to tote–no more rifling through your bag to find what you’re looking for. Plus, it makes in a snap to switch your tote bag, and then you never leave anything behind! Also, you can monogram it. Mom’s LOVE monograms. (MOMOGRAMS!?)  AH! The holy rail beauty product! Always my #1 bestselling product ?I’ve turned so many of you onto these and I always get messages of thanks. This is a MUST HAVE for any mom–it’s great for headaches (rub it on your temples!) and is an essential de-puffer. A way to find a minute of zen amongst the madness. ? My sister works for this company, Nashelle, which is sold at Nordstrom! They make the prettiest dainty gold jewelry that would make the most special present–especially for a new mom or mom to be! You can also buy the pendants separately to layer for multiple kids names! Stylish, comfortable, and vintage-inspired–so many of my readers who are my mama’s generation have messaged me saying they grew up wearing these and were so happy they’re back ?I love when all generations can appreciate one singular wardrobe staple I love so much!  I am OBSESSED with resin earrings right now, and Anthro has the cutest little set of them. They’re fun colors and definitely something that will make your mom smile and that she’ll love to wear, but not necessarily something she might buy for herself!  I haven’t actually tried this for myself, but I was talking to my friend whose mom recently started using this and said it transformed her skin! Plus, the scent is the same as the shampoo I use, which is light, bright, and citrusy–the best pick-me-up!  To me, pajamas are 100% part of my self care routine. ?Laugh if you want, but it’s true. I think EVERY woman needs at least one pair of nice pajamas–and if your mom already owns one pair, I’m pretty sure she would love another. This set is made by Nordstrom Lingerie and they are SO. SOFT. Like, incredible! I also just ordered these shorts PJ’s from Lord + Taylor–they’re made by Splendid who always makes the SOFTEST stuff!  I ALWAYS stand behind a nice cashmere wrap as a staple present for any woman, but I love this one in particular because it’s tissue weight, so she’ll still wear it in the summer. It’s the perfect thing for her to stash in her bag for cool nights, and to bring with her on that Europe trip she’s been looking forward to forever–it’s a travel-must-have!  OMG. Ok. So I haven’t tried this yet, but I listened to Indie Lee’s interview on Bad on Paper Podcast (which I would HIGHLY recommend!) and Grace was raving about it, so now I’m DYING to try this. It’s basically this magical cooling gel that is for lack of a better analogy like clean fancy icy hot. It’s cooling and great for when you just need to chill out for a second, have a muscle ache, headache, whatever!  It contains Arnica to relieve tension, lavender to promote relaxation, and Eucalyptus and Menthol to soothe, revitalize, and reinvigorate mind and body. SOLD. **Adding to cart as we speak.  I got this for my MIL for Christmas–it holds a whole bottle of wine and will keep it super crisp and cold, so she can bring it ANYWHERE this summer–the beach, the pool, on a picnic–wherever! How amazing is that?  I own this in camel but I lovveee it in white. For the mom who is always impeccably dressed but always cold–she’ll love this. ?The best part is that it’s so versatile, it’s basically half sweater half blazer, so she can wear it to work, on vacation, out to dinner–wherever!  Everlane just came out with these pants and I’m dying to try them–what mom wouldn’t love getting these as a gift? They come in navy, black, as well as white and they are the perfect versatile pant. Again, they’re great for work, vacation, whatever–plus they disguise stains and dirt if you get a dark color. She can dress them up and dress them down, and best of all–they’ll keep her cool all summer! (That is VERY important!)   Filed Under: Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Swimsuit, Red Flats, Grey Leggings, Camis And Tanks and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 8, 2016   Shop my travel outfit: blanket scarf/wrap, turtleneck, leggings, booties, tote, carry-on   Do you always pack WAY too much stuff when you go home for the holidays? (Or for any trip for that matter?) For whatever reason, it seems we always put holiday packing off until the very last minute, where we’re forced to run around like a tornado throwing anything and everything we might need in a giant suitcase, schlepping it to the airport (or into the car) and hauling pounds and pounds of stuff we don’t actually need home for a week or more. This used to be me, until I got so fed up with paying for baggage fees and wasting hours waiting for baggage claim that I couldn’t take it anymore, and figured out a better solution. Yes, it does take a TINY bit more planning to fit everything in one carry-on (barely!) but when you crack the packing code, you can put together a mini travel wardrobe that results dozens of different outfit combinations. (And yes, contrary to what you’ve convinced yourself is possible–you really CAN pack for the holidays in just a carry-on.) Here’s your packing list.    First thing’s first, you can’t pack effectively in one carry-on if you don’t have a great carry-on to begin with! I own this 21″ Delsey Chatalet roller suitcase and I never imagined that one could be so obsessed with a suitcase. It fits SO MUCH stuff in it, has multiple compartments for easy packing, a combination lock for security and locking wheels, so it doesn’t go rolling down the terminal. I packed for 8 nights in Paris in this no problem, and could’ve actually fit more in it, had I wanted to! A button-down is one of the most versatile items you can pack in your carry-on. Choose one in a festive color and you can make it work for just about any kind of holiday occasion. It’s easy to dress up or dress down! I love a good blouse. You can pair it with just about anything for any occasion–from Christmas shopping to coffee with Grandma, to a dressed up Christmas Eve. Choose one that ties in a bow for the perfect feminine touch! I wear my turtleneck tees MULTIPLE times per week. They’re the perfect under layer–if it’s freezing, you can wear one under your crewneck sweater, cardigan, or even your button down. Or, if it’s a normal temperature (AKA you DON’T live in Chicago) it looks just as cute by itself, with a cute scarf or necklace! Dark skinny jeans are the most versatile pair you can bring with you. Why? Because they’re skinny enough to fit into any type of boots you happen to pack in your suitcase and they’re nice enough to wear with heels to dinner or a party. High-waisted jeans are definitely the most flattering rise, and they make you look like you have legs for days, but any rise of dark jeans will work great! Ponte Pants are essentially thick, quality leggings that look much more chic and polished than regular leggings! Actually, you can even make them look more fancy than jeans! (MAGIC!) Prefer leather leggings? Those work here too  My favorite new thing! I just ordered these skinny cords in “deep green” and they are amazing! So comfortable and they have stretch in them, so they’re actually flattering (compared to other cords I’ve tried on that have been miserable fails). I also love these in this pretty wine hue, too. They are such a nice alternative to jeans and are a fun way to mix up any outfit! If you’re traveling somewhere where snow is involved, all-weather boots are pretty much a mandatory. Last year when I went home to Oregon for Christmas, I brought my heavy duty Sorels with me, but they aren’t exactly the most versatile pair of shoes, you know? I soon realized, as long as I won’t be trekking through feet of snow for hours, I much prefer this pair. They’ve got a rubber bottom and leather upper–the riding/rain/snow boot combination makes them so much more wearable. I even wore them to the theatre last week and didn’t feel underdressed! Another item that is super easy to dress up or dress down. (I own this pair and I’ve been wearing them at least 5 days out of the week.) I prefer flat OTK boots because they’re comfortable and you can wear them all-day Christmas shopping, and easily transition them to dinner or out for drinks! Honestly, I’ve never needed heels when I’ve gone home for the holidays. But if you MUST bring one pair, I’d suggest a pair of gold pumps–because everything matches gold! Well, this is kind of a given. It’s freezing out. Chances are, you don’t really need a bunch of different coats–you’re only going to need one–and it’s the warmest one in your closet. (I mean, you aren’t going to a bunch of fancy dinners, are you?) After YEARS of suffering through blistering cold Chicago winters, I’m so excited that I finally got a Canada Goose puffer. (Blog post coming soon!) I spent a large part of my adult life sleeping in old sorority t-shirts, but when I finally purchased real pajamas, I knew I could never go back. When I travel, I like to bring one pair of nice pajamas. This comes in handy especially if you’re staying at someone’s house (your parents, your sister’s, grandparents–whatever) because you can walk downstairs in them in the morning and not feel like a complete schlep. Plus, they’re sooo comfortable! Why a crewneck sweater? Because unlike the turtleneck sweater, you can layer a lot of things underneath a crewneck! Remember that button down? That turtleneck tee? Those look so cute (and warm–warm is important) underneath, and provide an endless amount of outfit combinations! Throwing a skirt into the mix really diversifies your travel wardrobe, because it makes each of your tops that much dressier! I really love faux leather skirts, but a regular mini would work great too! Sticking with classic black will allow you to pair it with anything, but a plaid mini would be even more festive! Are you sick of hearing the word “versatile?” (SORRYYYY.) Dresses are ALWAYS a good idea. If you pick your dress right, you can easily getting away with packing only one. Not too long, not too short–a dark color that can be casual or dressy depending on what you wear it with–yep, this one’s just about perfect. Who wants to pack multiple purses? I know I personally don’t. Too much to deal with–pick one small to medium-sized purse in either black or tan, and you’re set. (You aren’t going to a fancy gala, are you? You don’t need more than one purse!) I never travel without my classic leather tote bag. I love this one in particular because it’s super roomy–it fits my laptop, notebook, all my essentials, AND my purse. (You know, those maximum number of carry-on restrictions. UGH.)  Filed Under: Packing Lists, Style  
cDs says  December 8, 2016 at 7:24 am I’m lucky because I’m only a 45 min drive from my parents, but this packing list is so smart!
x0x0 Caroline http://thecarolove.com/ 
Liv says  December 8, 2016 at 7:58 am Great tips! Happy Holidays! Liv  http://www.livforstyle.net 
Kristina Anderson says  December 8, 2016 at 8:05 am I loooooove this mini capsule for the holidays!! If I were packing for myself I’d probably do a couple more tops and fewer pants. Luckily all of my family lives close so no packing for me! Kristina does the Internets 
Carly | The Clydescope says  December 8, 2016 at 8:21 am Canada Goose is about to CHANGE YOUR LIFE, my friend!!!
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Caitlin Edwards says  December 8, 2016 at 9:19 am Thanks for the tips! I was planning to pack in a carry on this year! Baggage claim is the worst!! 
Emily says  December 8, 2016 at 12:22 pm I mean…this is exactly what I needed today! We’re headed to Boston to visit my sister in law and her family, and I ALWAYS struggle with packing way too much. Thanks for the tips, Jess 
Isn’t That Charming. 
Grace says  December 9, 2016 at 1:31 am While it’s fantastic if you can jam all your stuff into a carry on, MAKE SURE YOU WEIGH THAT SHIZ! I got caught out a few months ago because I managed to squish everything into a tiny bag … but it was more than double the allowed weight. Welp. Grace
Diary of a Would-Be Gallerist Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Short White Dresses, Casual White Maxi Dresses, Black Gowns Dress, Ripped Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 22, 2019   Sweater: c/o Evereve, runs TTS! (J.Crew has a similar version for 50% off!) Any of the tops/sweaters I linked below will also work styled with this same outfit! Skirt: c/o BlankNYC c/o Evereve but is 40% off right now at Nordstrom, so definitely see if they have it in your size there first! It runs TTS. OTK Boots: Stuart Weitzman (definitely a splurge–shop more Stuart Weitzman boots here). I also HIGHLY recommend Blondo’s to everyone I know if you want a budget friendly version–they’re waterproof!) Earrings: Baublebar–they’re old, but lot’s of cute similar versions here! More similar style linked below–they also sell Baublebar at Shopbop!  Hi guys!!  I cannot believe Valentine’s Day is around the corner. CRAZY TOWN! A lot of you have been asking for ideas on what to wear for the occasion. I’m planning on doing a “Valentine’s Day Outfit Ideas” post with more styling tips, but today, I wanted to do a little roundup of cute tops, sweaters, dresses, and accessories for those of you who were interested in purchasing something new for the occasion!  Now–let me be clear–no, I don’t think you NEED to buy something new for Valentine’s Day ?(In fact, many times I’ve worn a black blouse and a swipe of my favorite red lipstick and felt perfectly festive!) But, if you love any excuse to dress up, I think you’ll love these staples that you’ll wear the rest of the winter, into spring, and for many of them–year round! Many of them are on sale–Nordstrom has a TON of excellent mark downs right now!  (And if you need ideas on where to go, check out my post from last year–How to celebrate Valentine’s Day, Chicago style! I’ll be updating it soon for this year as well!)   You guys KNOW I’m all about the camisoles–and this one could not be more perfect for Valentine’s day (or any date night, really!) You can dress it down with a cardigan, dress it up with a leather jacket, wear it with jeans or leather leggings! It’s super versatile, and you’ll get a lot of wear out of it! If the above velvet cami isn’t your style, you might love this lace-trim camisole instead! It’s only $39 and it’s the BEST layering piece. Something you’ll definitely wear year-round–alone, under jackets, sweaters, you name it–I own a lace camisole in several colors and wear them so often! On sale! For my girls who love a feminine dress–this one is darling for any date. You can totally wear it with pumps for a classic look, with over the knee boots, or with booties or a moto jacket to make it a little more casual. You’ll definitely wear this all winter! Do you own any blush sweaters? If you don’t, they’re a great transitional essential that you’ll want to reach for when you just can’t take the “winter” colors anymore. (I.E. when it’s March and you want to dress for spring when it’s still freezing!) So, duh, while it’s ideal for V-Day, you can wear this now, and well into spring! On sale! I love the sweet subtle polka dot pattern of this blouse! Plus, it’s a staple that you can wear to the office with work pants (love these from J.Crew) or with skinny jeans! On sale for only $29! Another great dress option that is beautiful and feminine, ideal for a date, but also conservative enough for things like work, dinner with the grandparents, etc! On sale for $32! I thought this sweater was so fun! Who doesn’t love stripes–and I think we could all use a little more “fun” in our wardrobes to counter-balance the dreary winter weather! On sale for $35! This dress reminds me of my favorite little red linen midi dress that I got years ago and still wear to DEATH. (Sadly it’s old and I can’t find a copy cat, or I’d link it) but the best part about this dress is that it’s the perfect balance for us girls who want something a little bit sweet and a little bit sexy, but not over the top! Wear it with classic pumps to make it more upscale, or booties and a moto jacket to dress it down! Camisoles again! You know me and my camisoles ?How beautiful is the back on this one? The front is really beautiful and simple and high-necked. This is another piece that you’ll actually get wear out of year-round. Of course, it’s most beautiful on its own, but would also be great with a moto jacket layered over the top! A classic v-neck sweater, in a beautiful hue. If you want something a *little* festive, this is a great option that you can wear celebrating with dinner at home (wear it with leather or velvet leggings) or dress it up with a skirt, tights, and booties! On sale! I absolutely ADORE the back of this sweater. Backless and bows–what’s not to love!? Another blouse that’s super versatile–festive for Valentine’s but something you’ll reach for again and again, whether it’s going out with friends, dates, to the office–pairs well with everything from skirts to jeans, leggings, office pants–you name it! On sale for $29!velvet. Before, cardigans were just for layering–but button them up, and they’re a special stand-alone sweater! I love the color of this one especially! A J.Crew favorite–velvet is one of my favorite fabrics to wear in the winter because it adds a textural element to any outfit. Pair this with your favorite jeans, leather leggings, black skirt + tights–whatever. The perfect going out top! On sale! This feminine blouse gives me all the effortless French-girl vibes. The dainty buttons down the front–the beautiful, super soft pink color. This is another top you’ll reach for year-round! On sale! I bought this jacket this past fall and I have worn it SO many times since. If you’re wondering–yes, you can definitely layer this under a warmer coat! Moto jackets aren’t just for warmth–they’re part of your outfit! Layer this over the top of any camisole or light sweater! Another on sale cardigan I can’t get enough of. I love that this one is cropped and low-cut, because you can layer a lace camisole underneath it (both black or white/cream would be great) for the perfect “peek a boo” effect. (See how I did it in this post!) On sale–under $30! Ordering in for Valentine’s but still want to look cute? This top looks SO comfy–pair it with leggings (OBSESSED with this fleece-lined pair) or a cute pair of joggers! It will look just as cute with jeans and booties, too! I think I might have to pull the trigger on this Reformation dress. It is SO. ADORABLE. It feels Mrs. Maisel-esque but modern with the high slit! I would definitely wear it all year round! Like I said above, you don’t have to wear red or pink to feel festive for V-Day! I also love a black dress with a swipe of red lipstick! I just stumbled upon this sweater dress and had to include it–it’s got subtle ruching which makes it probably the most flattering sweater dress ever! Enough coverage for work, but still cute enough for a date! Next up on my Everlane wish-list is their alpaca sweater. This pretty pink color is SO pretty and obviously feels appropriate for Valentine’s as well! I couldn’t NOT include my #1 favorite pair of shoes–the Everlane Day Heels. They come in so many colors, but I own them in red leather. I wear them year-round, and they are my favorite shoes to put on no matter what I’m wearing. They’re the star of every outfit–plus, the comfiest heels you will EVER OWN. Seriously, I walked around Italy in them! (You can see how I’ve styled them about 100 different ways in these blog posts!) Go up a 1/2 size if you’re in question! If you aren’t into the whole red and pink top/dress thing–that’s okay! Accessories are a really fun way to add a little bit of festivity without going all-in. This pair of earrings from Baublebar is one of my favorites (I own them in other colors!) I also found this Amazon dupe (not exactly the same, but close!) for just $10! My other pair of fav Baublebar earrings that I own in lot’s of colors. I love these paired with a cream colored top or sweater! Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style  
Olga says  January 22, 2019 at 3:45 pm I love anything velvet! Great pieces here! Olga
http://www.littlethingsolga.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Ripped Skinny Jeans, White Long Sleeve Tees, Blue Platform Shoes, White Blouses And Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 26, 2015   Skirt: c/o Boohoo.com // Jean Jacket: c/o Boohoo.com // Bag: Vintage, similar here // Scarf: Vintage, similar here and here // Striped Sweater:  Loft (old) // similar here at 20% off!) // Leather boots: Etienne Aigner, old (similar here and here). // Lipstick: MAC Lady Danger with MAC Lip Primer .   Earlier this week, I got together with Kelly, Blair, Jenn, Lauren, Shaheen and Maya for a little girls night with the help of some handy Gilt City vouchers! We did a tour and tasting of Chicago Distilling Company (a $19 special for a distillery tour and take home cocktail kit) followed by dinner at Presidio in Bucktown ($30 voucher for two gets you 2 small plates to share, and two cocktails. Such a steal!) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

For once, I had an outfit ready to wear. (This never happens.) I’d been itching for an excuse to wear my new 70’s-tastic suede skirt and denim jacket, and this was the perfect opportunity!      



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

            First up, we arrived at Chicago Distilling Company, and got a tour of the entire back room where all the magic happens. You might recognize them from their gin–Finn’s–which has become pretty popular around Chicago. They also make whiskey and vodka, too! I’m not usually one for tasting straight booze, but I really could tell the difference. I’m excited for Neal to get his hands on their liquor to whip up some amazing cocktails this winter  For $19, this is a fun deal that can’t be beat! I’d definitely recommend doing a tour!  After that, we hopped in an Uber to Presidio–a restaurant in Bucktown I’d been dying to try! We took advantage of the $30 2 small plates and one craft cocktail per person deal from Gilt City, and it was the perfect amount of food. Everyone got a different cocktail (so I can say I tasted my fair share, if you will) and they were all incredible. For small plates–I had the homemade ricotta pasta, which was delicious. The mussels, polenta, and scallops were also fan favorites with the other girls! And the warm olives. Who knew I loved olives so much? I’m drooling just looking at these photos!  And finally, on to the outfit! I’ve been a little iffy on the 70’s trend. The whole super intense boho hippie chic thing isn’t exactly my cup of tea. But I love subtle iterations of the trend–like a chic button-up suede skirt, or this jean jacket (both from Boohoo.com) paired with tall leather boots and a preppy striped sweater. It’s a classic twist on the 70’s that I can’t get enough of!    Shop the post:    Photos by Kelly Larkin and myself.  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
shaheen khan | lows to luxe says  October 27, 2015 at 7:20 am can we go back and do that again? i need you to help me fix my hair (yours looks perfect) and i love you rocking that scarf! 
Jess says  October 27, 2015 at 9:45 am Yes! Best night ever. Also I will do your hair with my trusty new beachwaver curling iron  
Christine Ballisty Photography says  October 27, 2015 at 6:04 pm I love this look!! XO ~ Christine Ballisty Photography
http://christineballisty.com 
Megan says  October 28, 2015 at 7:59 am Gosh, this sounds like the perfect night and I  love how you paired that silk scarf with the stripes! Such a cute look Have a wonderful day // http://www.lifeloveandbe.com 
Jill says  November 1, 2015 at 10:07 pm This may be my favorite look of yours to date! I’m glad you made it your own with your token stripes! Your hair is gorgeous as usual. xoxo Jill Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses, Lariats, Colored Denim Jeans, Navy Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 1, 2014  Over coffee with girlfriends the other weekend, we started to discuss the topic of fashion blogs and how they are both a source of inspiration and frustration. We all look to our favorite style bloggers when we’re stuck in a wardrobe rut and/or have money to burn (albeit, limited money for the average city girl). On the other hand though, fashion blogs tend to set an unrealistic expectation for those with normal lives and normal paychecks. We rarely see any of our bloggy friends wearing the same items twice. Bearing this conversation in mind, I’ve been thinking- I really should stop worrying so much about re-wearing items in my outfit shoots and actually do it purposefully. Seeing how to wear one item multiple ways is much more useful, isn’t it?  So, away we go. Remember that fun floral dress I styled here? Well, here is a whole new take on it. This version is perfect for brunch with the girls or casual date night. Even better, wear it without the sweater to a client meeting and then throw a few extra layers on to meet a friend for pizza.  Thoughts on this new series idea?      



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Dress: from Art Effect Chicago (below), Sweater: Asos (below), Boots: Zara (sold out, similar below), Necklace (old but twin below), Knee socks: American Apparel       Shop Winter Florals Pt 2:  Filed Under: Style  
Nina says  February 1, 2014 at 8:22 pm I think it is a great idea for a series – it would be nice to get inspiration on how to wear things differently! 
Jenna McCambridge says  February 1, 2014 at 8:37 pm Love this look & this new series! I too, struggle with keeping outfits fresh on a very normal paycheck  In my opinion, it’s probably more creative to re-wear the same items in different ways. Looking forward to seeing more! 
Victoria Galindo says  February 3, 2014 at 5:04 am Hi thanks for the follow on Instagram…I am new to the fashion blog community and you have such a great blog! What a great find, following now:) If you have any tips or suggestions for my page I’d love the input.  http://glossyandglitzy.blogspot.com -Victoria 
Katie says  February 5, 2014 at 11:10 pm I love this idea for a series! And I totally agree, fashion blogs can be a mixture of great inspiration and frustration. I have often wondered if I should start a series of slightly cheeky posts on the reality of everyday dressing. Opps, I’ve worn this sweater 3 days this week!  
jess keys says  February 6, 2014 at 2:23 pm Thanks Katie! I really appreciate your feedback! And I think you should definitely start an everyday dressing series! 
Jenna says  February 7, 2014 at 3:30 am The timing of this post is too funny because I was literally having this very thought the other day! While it’s nice to see different looks, I think it would actually benefit fashion bloggers to feature re-worn pieces in different ways. I’m much more inclined to buy an item if I think it has potential to be versatile, so I definitely support re-styling pieces you’ve already worn. Jennahttp://www.adornedwithlove.com 
Halle Waite says  February 12, 2014 at 6:00 pm couldn’t agree more. just stumbled upon your blog and happy i did!  just started blogging and living in chicago, so nice to see good local blogs! hallelifebyhalle.com 
jess keys says  February 13, 2014 at 11:25 pm Thanks Halle! Love from one Chitown blogger to another! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Flats, Formal Gowns, Embellished Sandals, Modest Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 30, 2016     Plaid Wrap: c/o Sole Society, also love this one and this one // Booties: c/o Micah Booties from Sole Society, which come in camel and dark brown as well, and are additionally available at Nordstrom)–if you’re looking for flat black booties, I just bought these and they come in black! So excited to get them! // Wrap front shirt: Nordstrom (comes in FIVE different colors!) // Black Jeans: Levi’s, but I also love this J.Brand version! // Earrings: Kendra Scott // Necklace: Kendra Scott   How is it already Wednesday!? You know those kinds of weeks that seem to go by SO fast but also they seem to go by so slow? (Does that even make sense?) This was definitely one of those weeks! Neal has been traveling the past couple of days–whenever he does, the weeks always seem to pass by like this. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Yesterday the only time I got out of the house was to take my iPhone screen to get fixed. (As you heard in yesterdays post, I shattered that thing to PIECES on Thanksgiving. WHOOPS!) Luckily, the repair shop was next door to Kelly’s, so I got to pop by and visit with she and Emma, who changes by the day. Isn’t it nuts how fast little babies grow? She’s SO CUTE. For whatever reason, she thinks I’m hilarious. (Which I will soak up now, because soon enough she’ll be rolling her eyes at her embarrassing aunt.) I had some errands to run earlier today at Nordstrom and then headed to the Gold Coast for a fun shoot on Oak Street with Lauren and Laura! (Photos coming soon!) As I write this, I’m sitting at Starbucks, taking advantage of their $5 glasses of wine happy hour. (The Gold Coast has the best Starbucks! I miss living over here solely for the nice two-story Starbucks with booze and a pretty terrace overlooking Rush street.) Does your Starbucks have happy hour? You should check. It’s the best. It was SUCH a beautiful day in Chicago–60 degrees! Totally fooling us all into thinking winter wasn’t going to arrive any second. I’ll take no-jacket weather in almost-December anytime. How lucky are we!? Other than the usual work, my remaining nights this week are going to consist of cleaning my house and scraping together the guest bedroom in preparation for my aunt and cousin coming to visit this weekend! (Currently the guest room looks like my personal mail room, which is a great thing to have, unless you have, you know–guests?) We still have to hang the chandelier in the living room, put together the bed frame, and I need to magically find another storage closet that doesn’t currently exist in our house. Any great organizers out there have any advice? I’m thinking of just buying giant baskets and hiding everything in them ;-P Funny story of the day: (Speaking of the mail room I mean guest room)…. Two pieces of furniture (the bed being one of them) we ordered on Black Friday arrived today and were in the most GIANT HEAVY BOXES. Of course, Neal was out of town at the time and I had NO IDEA how I was going to get them up our stairs. Luckily my poor neighbor came out at just the right time and was able to help me carry the first box up…only to have UPS ring my doorbell ring 4 minutes later with ANOTHER giant box. Poor Frank got roped into carrying another giant box up my stairs. (He totally thinks I have a shopping addiction.) Thanks Frank! You’re the best!! How’s your week going so far? P.S. We should talk about wraps. Let’s be real, can we really get enough plaid in the winter? (NOPE!) I love that this wrap is essentially a socially acceptable blanket that you can wear to work or out to dinner. What could be better?   You’ll recognize some of these photos from the Winter Guide, but here’s more where those came from  Have you read it yet?           Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristina Anderson says  November 30, 2016 at 8:22 am Oh no that happens to me whenever I order something big! I placed a couple of big orders over the weekend so I can only imagine your experience with Frank is in my future   Kristina does the Internets 
Britney says  November 30, 2016 at 8:49 am Pretty photos! Love the bright leaves in the background, and the plaid wrap is adorable! Also, I totally know the fast/slow pace of the week that you’re talking about. Been there before! 
Rachel Spross says  November 30, 2016 at 9:02 am These photos are beautiful! I love your plaid wrap. So cozy and cute! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/wishlist-wednesday-holiday-sweaters/ 
Lauren Oliver says  November 30, 2016 at 11:58 am Wraps are one of my favorite pieces to wear during the fall, and I loveeee this pretty plaid one! Also, I’m rushing over to that Starbucks ASAP because who knew they had happy hour?! Best tip ever! Lauren
http://oliverstwistblog.com 
zellamaybe says  November 30, 2016 at 12:28 pm What a cute look! There’s something so cozy about wrapping up in a big, soft, warm scarf, and I’m loving the vibrant fall color in the background.  Cheers,
Jessica, Zella Maybe 
TheVagabondWayfarer says  November 30, 2016 at 12:57 pm You look so cute. Perfect wrap btw.
http://thevagabondwayfarer.com/ 
Mary Fremeau says  November 30, 2016 at 5:54 pm You look absolutely gorgeous!
How is the comfort level of those booties? I am a teacher, so I need super comf  xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gowns Dresses, Platform Black Heels, High Rise Skinny Jeans, Gowns For Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 11, 2014  all images via pinterest 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Slap bracelets, Butterfly clips and dELIA*s, have got nothing on The Mule. The 90’s most coveted fashion icon is back in a huge way. If this is news to you, don’t worry. It’s because this actually kind of happened overnight. I was skeptical at first, but now I have to admit –I’m kindof obsessed. Here’s a roundup of my favorites (best accompanied by Brandy & Monica’s The Boy is Mine via your largest boom box.)   Filed Under: Style  
Monica says  March 11, 2014 at 4:13 pm "The Boy Is Mine" was my favorite song for like a year!– Monica 
jess keys says  March 12, 2014 at 12:52 pm Haha me too! I totally had it on repeat all day yesterday! 
Jen T. says  March 20, 2014 at 8:05 pm My mom will be so happy! Good thing she still wears hers! 
jess keys says  March 24, 2014 at 7:45 pm Hahah mine too! Style always comes full circle, right?  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop High Rise Skinny Jeans, White Bikinis Bottom, Pumps Heels Shoes, Grey Sweatpants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 5, 2018   V-neck tee: J.Crew–also love Bonobos‘ version and own several colors in both. Pants: Bonobos Travel Jeans (this color is old, but they have lot’s of great new colors that are awesome for Spring) Levi’s also makes a really similar pair in my favorite cut, the 512’s. If you’re looking for regular jeans, they have the 512’s in tons of different washes and they are my go-to pair. Sneakers: New Balance (run TTS) and come in several colors as well. Sunglasses: Ray Ban Watch: Seiko (a great semi-affordable buy for your guy if you’re looking for a good looking, functional watch that doesn’t cost several hundred dollars) worn with this nylon strap. If you’re looking for something a bit cheaper, Jack Mason and MVMT also make stylish looking watches on a budget. Hi Guys!  Neal here! Hope you are having a great week.  I’m trying to get more involved on the blog (for some reason a few of you guys asked for more guy posts! ) and this one was easy – I got dressed to go to the grocery store and shoot a few photos for Jess, and she turned the camera around and snapped a few pics of me.   No outfit planning, nowhere special to be, just casual comfy spring clothes (because it was actually warm for like a day (oyy) last Saturday.   I think what makes this work is that I’m just wearing a collection of basics that all work together but at the same time they are all very versatile pieces on their own.  So let’s get into it!   I pretty much live in a collection of super soft V neck T’s from spring all the way through late summer. What else do I need to say about a plain T-shirt?  He needs one in red, white, blue, and dark grey.  He’ll be covered for cruising the neighborhood when it finally warms up–to the beach, bottomless mimosas, and baseball games. My go-to’s are these from J.Crew and Bonobos’ yarn spun tees.  Navy vs Black: As far as color goes, this is personal preference, but I prefer navy over black. Black t shirts are for better suited for bouncers, Vegas trips, and Italian dudes. (Really! They just pull them off much better than the rest of us!)  V-Neck alternatives: I also love a good crew neck–once again, J.Crew and Bonobos for the win there. (Jess’ note: Neal, I think you should get this striped short sleeved henley that they make, too! ?) Other favorite t-shirts: J.Crew.(especially love their white pocket shirt) and Bonobos. James Perse also makes a great, super-soft tee. (This one is on sale, too.)     Bonobos has been one of my go-to casual brands for years now.  The quality of their clothes is consistently good throughout the seasons, and they have TONS of fits for any body type.   Their travel jeans are a nice mix up from traditional denim and they are crazy comfortable thanks to 2% stretch material.  They have updated their colors for spring (I picked these up in the winter) but I am a big fan of the LA grey and Austin asphalt options for spring.   These jeans have 4 different fit options. So truly anyone can pull them off (I’m wearing the ‘slim’ option, and I don’t think anyone would classify my legs as skinny for reference).  Also, if your guy is looking for a good pair of regular old denim jeans, my go-to’s are the Levi’s 512’s. They’re just the right amount of fitted without being too skinny. You can’t be the price, either.    Not your dad’s New Balance walking shoe!   These are stylish and versatile enough to go with shorts or jeans.  I like how they look with a single cuff (side note, this is a great way to keep your white shoes white and avoid denim stains).   These sneakers can really be worn for almost any casual occasion. Emphasis on the “almost”. When I went to buy these I thought I could pull off the “one pair of white sneakers for the spring/summer” thing.  Well I’m kind of a diva and I was wrong. (Jess’ note–who convinced you that these weren’t acceptable to wear to a nice dinner? ? ?).  I did recently pick up this pair of more dressy sneakers that can be worn out to dinner or to a party.  (Jess’ note: I am actually obsessed with these. They look SO nice and if your guy refuses to wear nice white sneakers because he thinks they’re “too preppy”–these are the perfect solution!) They’re also insanely lightweight and feel like nothing on your feet.  Whatever he chooses, I’m in favor of more subtle and classic looks and lighter colors – I work hard to keep mine white but it’s worth it.  (I highly recommend a fabric or leather protectant spray).   To Jess’ dismay, I’m turning into a bit of a watch nerd.   I have always liked the look of dive watches (as in watches designed to be tough and very waterproof for scuba diving)  for more casual situations.   Seiko is a premier Japanese watch making brand, but they have gained worldwide popularity thanks to their ability to produce high-quality time pieces at affordable prices.  The Turtle has become my go-to weekender and vacation watch.   It’s chunky, but that’s kind of the idea.  It actually sits very comfortably on the wrist, has an awesome look inspired by (actually exactly like) the original 1970’s version, and it’s a definite conversation piece.   An added bonus is the movement is automatic, meaning the watch is powered by the movement of the wearer and never needs a battery to be changed.  Always a yes for BBQ’s and the beach, always a no for weddings.  Also, if you feel like spending $300+ on a ‘weekend’ watch is insane, I hear you, and my wife will agree with you.  I love the look of MVMT watches too, which have a lower price point.  Iconic shades that can be dressed up or down.  These are my go-to’s for any summer situation imaginable.   So like I said, before, this is a grocery store outfit!  Nothing special, but if you would like more guys’ fashion posts, whatever the occasion, I am happy to oblige.  Let me know!  As I like to, I’ll end with a big thank you!  Your readership means the world to Jess and I and without you guys, this blog does not exist.  We truly value you as a reader and participant in this community that my awesome wife has created.  Take care and talk soon! –Neal SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Paisleigh says  April 5, 2018 at 7:13 am Honestly THANK GOD FOR THIS POST. My S/O is a wonderful human but a TERRIBLE dresser. It took me 3 years to convince him to buy a pair of boat shoes that he’ll actually wear. And he no lie wears bright white dad shoes. God bless his soul. Totally going to track down a pair of those Levis this weekend and see how he likes them! Thanks, Neal!   
Kelly says  April 5, 2018 at 8:44 am I’m buying my brother-in-law the t’s & yes, more Neal style posts. I think a ‘what a guy should wear to workout’ posts is necessary. I also loveeeee these pants and I’ll buy them as a gift too!!! I’d like to see the asphalt shade. Thanks Neal!!!! My fam & I always look forward to both your and Jess’s posts but they guys in the fam (and me) want even more Neal! 
Victoria says  April 5, 2018 at 11:00 am Love this! My guy lovesss reading Mitch’s style posts on Kelly In The City, but Mitch is the only guy in the world who can make a blazer look so casual, and my guy always feels like he’d be too overdressed. Neal has NAILED the “casual cool-guy” look in every setting, and this was the perfect post for spring in the city! Side note: we recently purchased the same Cole Haan GrandPro’s and we LOVE this shoe for every day wear. Definitely going to try out the suggested pants — thanks Neal + Jess! Wondering if you guys could do a post or give some tips on how you coordinate (but not match) each other when going out? Whether it’s date night or a formal event, we tend to struggle because we both have an interest in bringing statement pieces/pops of color/etc. to the look, and I’m still getting used to not being able to just wear what I want and pick out a plain navy or black look for my guy who now prefers to have a little more of his own style involved. Thanks in advance for any suggestions!  Also, just a side note — a Mitch + Neal Crossover post should probably happen.  
Sam says  April 5, 2018 at 12:46 pm Thank you for this post! Tons of great ideas for the hubby for his birthday/anniversary coming up in the next couple of months!!  
Tomi Obebe says  April 5, 2018 at 1:03 pm We want more Neal! I shared this so quickly with my boyfriend haha. Even as a style blogger I can fully admit I have no idea where to start when it comes to Men’s fashion. Great post! xx, Tomi
http://goodtomicha.com 
Allie says  April 5, 2018 at 2:08 pm This is basically my husbands weekendunigotm – just sub in Cole Haan sneakers. I feel like he’s so much better at buying basics that mix and match – I get so distracted by pretty prints that match nothing lol. xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Emily says  April 6, 2018 at 10:00 am Immediately sent some of these links to my boyfriend. It’s hard to look casual and put together, but Neal pulls it off so well!. So yes, Neal, we want more style posts from you! Also, Seconding Victoria’s comment above about the Neal + Mitch crossover post. 
soumya abraham says  April 6, 2018 at 5:21 pm Yay!!! Thanks for this wonderful post Jess and Neal! It was too short!! hahaha Need more posts like this!! Selected most of the reccomendations for my guy!!  looking forward for many more!!:) Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Maxi Dresses, Soludos Espadrilles, Knit Turtlenecks, Mules and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 29, 2016   Shop this post: Pom Pom embroidered jacket/top // Jean shorts (old–but similar here, here and here) // Sandals (old, but similar here and also love these and these) // Clinique Pop Lipstick in Passion Pop // Hair curled with my beachwaver curling iron




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 
What are your thoughts on the pom pom trend? Typically I’m not super drawn to super boho-type trends, but something about the pom poms–I think I can get behind them! What about you?   I was surprised at how much I was drawn to this cute little embroidered jacket. (Also, the word “jacket” is a loose term–it’s actually insanely lightweight and almost gauzy–so you can wear it over any tank without worrying about a lot of added heat!)  It’s perfect for any summer festival, concert, and would be a super cute beach or pool cover-up for vacation!  Blair and I had fun shooting this in the West Loop outside of Green City Smoked Meats (which is a West Loop must-visit, by the way–especially if you love BBQ!) I love our girls work dates and always feel so much more accomplished afterword. It felt really good to get back in the swing of things–as you may have noticed, outfit posts have been more on the back-burner lately as we’ve been putting so much effort into getting Blogging For Keeps up and running, and producing our very first series of webinars leading up to the WordPress Master Workshop we had last weekend.  I have to say, putting on a successful workshop with some amazingly inspirational ladies was up there with my biggest blogging win to date. We have so many more ideas in the pipeline that I can’t wait to share with you.  Anyway, I digress–*steps off sentimental soapbox**–this is the second time my bike (her name is “Lady”) has made an appearance on the blog! I’ve been riding around the city a lot lately, soaking up as much summer as I can before it slips away again! (We all know that will happen way too quickly!) On that note, I’m running around like a crazy person in preparation for Paris–cramming two weeks worth of work into one week is always a little overwhelming, but ABSOLUTELY worth it to say the least. I keep pinching myself–I can’t believe it’s almost here!  Have you heard of the new book “Bright Lights Paris?” It’s been the best tool to plan our trip–it’s a girly girl’s Paris guide organized by neighborhood, with the most adorable illustrations and hundreds of amazing insider tips. If you ever plan to visit Paris (or just love anything Parisian in general!) you definitely want this book on your coffee table. (It would make a perfect gift as well!)     Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Rachel {Love This Life} says  June 29, 2016 at 8:47 am So cute! I’m more of a tassel girl myself, but I think you totally rock this pom pom jacket! Also, I love your bike!!! I had one when I lived in Hilton Head and her name was Claire. Seriously though, there was a sticker on the bike that said “Claire”.  Happy Wednesday! 
Jenn Lake says  June 29, 2016 at 9:11 am Loving this top on you! Totally going to check out that book, too! Happy Wednesday! 
Kristina Anderson says  June 29, 2016 at 10:45 am Oh I would definitely go after this trend, loving all things tassels and pom poms   Kristina does the Internets 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  June 29, 2016 at 10:35 pm I am all about the pom pom trend!! 
Hirascabin says  July 3, 2016 at 12:40 pm Love it !
Hira,
http://www.hirascabin.com […] Source […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Leggings, White Tank Tops, Bralettes, Printed Jumpsuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 11, 2014  Shirt: Asos (below), Skirt: Loft (Old), Necklace: Shamelessly Sparkly, Earrings: Macy’s (old), Shoes: Asos (below).  Hi there friends!  A couple glasses of wine deep (A. because I’m already celebrating the excitement that I’m about to share with you and B. because I can’t ever seem to stop multitasking, clearly) I bring you the second installation of the “1 piece, 2 ways” series! If you missed the first portion, you really ought to check out these fine pants.  Shanna and I both instantly fell in love with this checked panel blouse from Asos. To show you the versatility of the top you can wear pretty much anywhere, I chose to take the business casual route- pairing it with a pencil skirt and a pair of punky gladiator booties for good measure. This look will get you from the office to happy hour and beyond. If your work environment is a little more straight-laced, you can easily pair this look with pumps or D’Orsay’s and change into your edgier shoes on the way to meet your friends after 5 o’clock. Shanna’s twist is perfect for daytime or a casual night out with her leather coat and leggings. I love the way she paired her top with chunky blue heels, which are perfect for spring! Be sure to check out her full shoot over at Celebritized In Chicago! What do you think? How would you wear this top?    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
         Shop The Patterned Blouse:   Filed Under: Style  
Jenna McCambridge says  February 11, 2014 at 11:55 am Love this top, you both look adorable! I’m totally digging the way you styled the business casual look with those unexpected booties – they are amazing! 
jess keys says  February 12, 2014 at 5:53 am Thanks, Jenna! I would definitely recommend the booties- they’re such an easy way to make any outfit more interesting! 
Everygoodthingblog by Melissa says  February 11, 2014 at 3:50 pm Gorgeous outfit Jess! You look stunning! 
jess keys says  February 12, 2014 at 5:52 am Thank you, Melissa!! […] Love this tutorial of one shirt, two ways. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Present Ideas, White One Piece Swimsuit, Soludos Espadrilles, Red Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 13, 2017  Happy Monday! How was your weekend? Ours was so fun! Kelly, Blair and I road tripped to Shaheen’s hometown of Louisville for her baby shower! (You can probably still catch a few behind the scenes snaps on Instagram stories!) Anyway, is it just me, or does every website you shop on and store you go into right now have the cutest stuff ever? I think maybe anything that isn’t cableknit or a boot is a sight for sore eyes right now, but I’ve been adding a few too many spring things to shopping cart over the past few days. (Nooo I didn’t buy ALL of it!) but here are 11 favorites I’ve had my eye on (okay, and some I pulled the trigger on, too!) I first spotted this dress on Shopbop and then Shaheen wore it in the cutest blog post the other day! It’s now on sale so I’m even more tempted to buy it!   If you follow me on Instagram stories, you know I just bought these this week and OH MY GOODNESS am I obsessed. like, I don’t think you understand. It’s unhealthy. I’ve barely taken them off since–they’re so soft and comfortable, they feel like slippers. So basically, I treat them like slippers that I also wear out of the house and that make any outfit 10 times cuter  Plus, the price? I mean. You can’t beat ’em any way you slice it. I CAN’T BE CONTROLLED WITH THE FLORALS. I pulled the trigger on this cute floral top! Ruffles! Bah! You guys, I need your input on this one. I first saw this berry one by J.Crew and I thought it was the cutest ever, and then I saw this yellow one by Maison Jules (the cutest french inspired label–you have to check it out! Really budget-friendly, too!) Personally I think it’s the cutest look, but wanted your input. Should I get one? Would you wear one? I just bought this floral wrap midi dress and it is SO beautiful!! It’s super flattering! I love that it’s a midi length but it has a high slit–and the shoulder details are so pretty! I haven’t owned a jean skirt in a LONG time and I really want one for spring! I love this J.Crew white version–it’s so fresh and crisp and will be so versatile to have for warm weather!   I love the greens in this garden print scarf! I can’t wait to start wearing more cheerful colors and patterns! One of my newest shoe purchases–I got these adorable block heels in the blush color and I’m in love! I’m fully embracing the block heel trend because they’re so versatile! You can wear them with jeans during the day or with a fancy dress at night! (Psstt the black ones are even 20% off!) Eberjay makes the cutest bathing suits and the comfiest pajamas, so I can only imagine how comfy this adorable cover-up is. I love cover-ups that can double as a dress, and this is definitely one of them. I’ve been really on the fence about jumpsuits lately, but this is one I can definitely get behind. I love that it has the same look and feel as a dress but is something a little bit different! What do you think? These heels are so cute with the bows on the toes! (Haha, I’m so poetic.) They come in so many different colors, too! I love the red, pink and navy! Filed Under: Shop  
Britney Crawley says  March 13, 2017 at 8:42 am LOVE the bow mules! I saw them on your Instagram stories and they were giving me all the heart eyes! So sweet of you all to travel for Shaheen’s shower! Now it’s back to the cold, huh? 
Rachel Spross says  March 13, 2017 at 9:51 am Loving all of your picks! I need those BP bow mules. So darn cute! And that white denim mini is calling my name!! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Diana Pearl says  March 13, 2017 at 11:26 am I’m seriously DYING over those bow mules. I really need to pick them up! So, so cute. Just can’t decide if I want black or blush! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  March 13, 2017 at 1:33 pm UGH I need those shoes!!! Thank you so much for coming this weekend – it was the sweetest <3 
Kristina Anderson says  March 13, 2017 at 2:12 pm LOVE the short sleeve sweaters!! Now we just need to find some weather where they’re appropriate   http://www.kristinadoestheinternets.com 
Caitlin Edwards says  March 14, 2017 at 11:56 am I love the yellow sweater! It’s so cute! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Brown Flats, White Jeans, Blue Jumpsuits, Black Booties Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 1, 2019    Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Up Dresses, Off Shoulder Black Dresses, White Lace Dresses, Mules and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 31, 2018   Tommy Hilfiger logo tee (comes in tons of colors!), Levi’s Wedgie Icon Jeans (also here), Jack Purcell sneakers (keep in mind they’re unisex! Similar Converse here!) and Ray Ban 53mm Icon Sunnies, MAC Lady Danger lipstick, old hoops (similar by Baublebar!) Let’s be honest–I’m not exactly one to follow trends that closely. Personally, I live by the Coco Chanel’s philosophy of “Fashion comes and goes, but style lasts forever”–trends, on the surface, don’t interest me much–but, of course, even I would be foolish to admit that I am in no way influenced by trends at all. (I always think about the “Cerulean Blue” scene from The Devil Wears Prada ?) Honestly, I think what turns me off about “trends” is that so many of the ones we see coming out of Fashion Week and in all the fashion magazines are just unattainable–they aren’t for us “regular girls”–you know? It’s easy to write them off completely, but in reality, that isn’t necessarily the case! I get a lot of questions from readers about trends–and secretly, let’s face it–we all want to be trendy–we just don’t know how to pull it off in a way that makes us feel confident, comfortable, and suitable for our lifestyle–so, today I’m excited to talk about three 90’s inspired trends that do JUST that!  To preface, let it be known that the majority of my “90’s” inspiration is more It Takes Two or Now and Then than Clueless (perhaps because I was between the ages of 2 and 11 during the nineties, so clearly I identify more with the former–I probably should’ve been holding a Popsicle in these pictures instead of an iced coffee and then I would’ve been REALLY authentic.) Basically, we have the 90’s resurgence to thank for a lot of my favorite styles right now–and they’re a lot more wearable than you might think! Here are three of my favorites:  There is nothing more 90’s than Levi’s “Mom Jeans”–luckily, they’re a little more tailored and tasteful this time around. Sure, there are plenty of cool girls out there who pull off wearing their pants 5 sizes too big and ripped to the point where my grandpa is likely rolling around in his grave (“Did they give you a discount for all the holes in those pants?”) but I am certainly not one of them. I do however, thank the 90’s for re-popularizing my favorite style of jean–the Levi’s Wedgie Jeans.  These are, what I like to think of as–”the mom jeans for real people”– they’re definitely on-trend, but not so much so that you’ll feel silly wearing them. On the contrary, actually, they are INSANELY flattering on pretty much every body type I can think of. They define your waist, elongate your legs, hug your curves in all the right places, and make your butt look awesome. You know you’re onto a great trend when your husband actually approves!  The cool (and maybe overwhelming?) thing about Levi’s is that there are SO MANY STYLES. Some of them are more expensive than others (which I cannot figure out) but I actually scored these brand new on eBay for HALF the price I found them anywhere else! Huzzah! I know everyone thinks eBay is for second hand or vintage stuff (I use it for that too!) but the majority of their inventory is actually new!  Okay okay, at first I resisted this one, but I’ve come around and now I’m really into the logo tee. The Tommy Hilfiger tee is nothing if not nostalgically charming. (I have a vivid memory of this one Tommy Hilfiger tee I wore with everything–including my favorite denim skort, and ALWAYS butterfly clips–one hot 1990’s summer). I love the classic red white and blue color scheme and let’s be honest, it’s about as “classic” as a “trend” could get. (So, yeah, this is my way of basically “backing in” to being trendy.) I got this tee for on eBay as well–they have a ton of Tommy Hilfiger tees! I also am loving the vintage inspired band tee, also popular the 90’s–Junk Food is my favorite brand who makes them (I have two!) and they also have a bunch on eBay!  It’s not JUST those awful giant chunky sneakers that fall under the “90’s” category–I spent pretty much the entire decade in sneakers (okay, and Jellies, but let’s hope those don’t come back) paired with pretty much EVERYTHING–not just with jeans like you see here, but also with cute little feminine dresses and skirts. (See more about that in this post on my Juxtaposition Rule I use when getting dressed!) Wear them often and wear them with everything! After all, my first “Tomboy Style” idol was, in fact, Amanda Lemmon. I love a good white sneaker–here I’m wearing Jack Purcells (also one of my favorite pairs of shoes I took to Italy! See more in my Italy packing post!) I also love classic Keds, Converse and Supergas! Shoes are one of my favorite things to scope out on eBay because you can often find the pair you’re looking for, new with the box for less than you would elsewhere!  I have shopped on eBay for YEARS and have always loved it for a few reasons: 1. I can get new items for less than I would elsewhere (especially on their Daily Deals page!) 2. I can often find items that I didn’t snag before they sold out at the other retailers, but I still want to get my hands on. 3. I can find brand new, unopened packages of beauty products for a lot less here, too. (Especially perfume!) When you’re searching for a particular item, start broad with your search terms, then use the filters on the left to narrow down what you’re looking for. Here are the most common filters I use: If you’re only interested in brand new items, you can select “new with tags” or “new without tags” (note–”new without tags” is where you’ll find the best deals! Tags=more money!) Regardless of whether it has tags or not, you’ll often find brand new items for a lot less than you could find them at other retailers! You can get a Barbour coat, for example, at $150-$200! The next filter I’ll add is shipping. You can find a lot of free shipping on eBay, so I’ll add that option first, and if I don’t see what I’m looking for, then I’ll remove it and instead, update the location: I’ll typically check the “US” box if I don’t want shipping options to show up from other countries (for example, I’m not interested in t-shirts coming from Australia because sometimes the shipping is more expensive than the shirt!) This location is also helpful if you’re shopping for home goods like furniture and decor, because you likely won’t want to pay an arm and a leg to have furniture shipped to you!  Would you wear any of these 90’s “trends”–have you shopped on eBay before? Let me know if you have any specific questions in the comments below!  This post is sponsored by eBay–a retailer I’ve shopped for years! Thanks for supporting the brands that support GG!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kimber says  August 31, 2018 at 7:42 am I have to admit, I wouldn’t be mad if jellies made a come back ?
This outfit is totally cute and I’d def wear all of these items! 
Allie says  August 31, 2018 at 8:28 am I used to,love jelly shoes! The ones with glitter especially. I’m excited about some 90s trends coming back too – especially Henley’s! And ribbed sweaters, haha. Bring them on!
xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Katie says  August 31, 2018 at 2:24 pm Now these are trends I can get behind! A good pair of Levi’s!!! =). I recently just bought an old pair of ugly Levi’s mom capris (prob from the 90’s) and re-sewed them into a denim skirt!!! It’s fun taking old and making it new!! Katie | http://www.sunshinestyleblog.com 
Kate says  September 1, 2018 at 7:08 am I always check second hand first! eBay is my best friend. Also, your local consignment boutiques- I own one in Newport RI. Then if I really can’t find something I’ll consider buying it new/full price.
I think you’ve convinced me to buy the wedgie jeans, wish me luck in finding them in my size and wash on eBay! …and maybe the shoes too, they were so cute with a dress in one of your other posts! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Sneakers, Striped Dresses, Gold Flat Shoes, Black Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 19, 2017  Hot sticky summer weather has officially arrived (in Chicago at least!) I’ve been getting a few questions from you guys on insta stories lately on my favorite summer staples to help you keep cool when the temperatures spike, and coincidentally, our air conditioning went out over the weekend, so you could say I’ve been digging through my closet for the coolest clothes available, haha! (Don’t worry, fingers crossed we can get a repair man out tomorrow!) ANYWAY, I’m rounding up my favorite hot weather outfits below. (But hopefully your AC doesn’t go out and you won’t need them as badly as I do at the moment.)  This is one of my absolute favorite maxi dresses! I actually wore it yesterday for a Fathers Day BBQ with Neal’s fam! I love the button detail down the front, the sweet floral print, and of course–the color! The best part about maxi dresses is that you can make them casual or fancy with just a change of footwear. Linking some of my other favorite yellow maxis above, too!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  I love off the shoulder dresses because they are often just as comfortable as t-shirt dresses, but they look so much cuter and more polished! I like to go for loose, short styles, because they are definitely the coolest and they basically feel like you’re wearing nothing! Bonus points if you pair yours with a boater hat (this one is only $39!) to keep your face shaded from the sun!  This is my favorite striped dress and I wear it everywhere, all seasons! It’s looser so it gives you nice, um, ventilation? Haha! And it’s also not TOO short so I don’t have to be super paranoid about it if it gets windy! I think every girl needs a striped dress or two, because they are so classic and versatile, and you can get away with wearing one just about anywhere!  I love this eyelet romper–nothing says summer quite like white eyelet (and, um, rompers?!) Pair them with classic, comfy wedges and you’ll be able to go from day to night in all of 5 seconds.  Jean shorts and white sneakers always remind me of when I was a kid! Luckily, things have changed much and they’re still just as classic as ever! Pair yours with a ruffle tank and it will add just the right amount of femininity to balance out the tomboy elements!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  Seersucker is another fabric that absolutely screams summer to me! I’ve been loving the tie-front trend lately and cannot get enough of it. Not only is it super flattering, but it’s the one of the “coolest outfits” (haaa) that you can buy–that little extra cutout helps a lot! These rose gold sunnies fold up into a teeny-tiny case, so they’re perfect for travel! I also found these twins (sadly though don’t fold though!) for a total steal. You know me and stripes. During the week I can usually be found wearing some variation of this outfit. (Actually, I am literally wearing this exact outfit as we type, haha!)  I love this gauzy top and wear it often. The fabric is so lightweight, it feels barely there. In the summer I often go more minimal with my face makeup and just swipe on red lipstick instead. It’s an easy mix-up that feels very French “au natural”–I wrote more about how to get this beauty look in this post!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney Crawley says  June 19, 2017 at 8:46 am Cute – these are all so great for summer! I love the eyelet romper! This past weekend was finally
 Tolerable after crazy hot and sticky heat for the past week. 
Classic Catherine says  June 19, 2017 at 1:10 pm These are all so adorable they almost make the heat worth it! I love anything yellow, and that seersucker romper! I can’t wait to get back to normal clothes after I have my baby–I think the pregnancy experience may actually make me more into clothes than ever on the other side! 
xoxo,
Classic Catherine […] sources: one, two, […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Green Coats, Citizens Of Humanity Skinny Jeans, Wedge Pumps Shoes, Short Sleeve Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 12, 2019   YOU GUYS. I cannot believe our Spain trip is NEXT WEEK! (We leave the 18th!) We’ll be spending five days in Mallorca and then the following four in Barcelona. We can’t wait!  I feel like it was only last week that we booked the trip — I remember thinking, “but it’s so far away! It will never get here!”  and then I blinked and here we are. I’ve been getting a lot of questions on what I plan to pack, so of course, you knew this post was coming!  When we booked our trip, I asked you guys on stories for tips on what I should pack for this time of year and SO many of you recently returned from Barcelona and all agreed: “light dresses because it’s SO hot!” You never steer me wrong! My main goal: pack only light fabrics, breezy dresses, comfortable shoes, and hats and accessories to help keep cool and comfortable!  I know you’re wondering, and yes, I plan on fitting everything into my Delsey Paris 21” Carry-On! (I did it for 10 days in Paris so I know I can do it again!) Luckily it’s pretty easy to carry on in the summer because light dresses take up virtually no room! Every piece I’m bringing is versatile, comfortable and mix and match-able! Wondering how I’m fitting everything into a carry-on? Check out my post on the best hacks for packing for long trips. Let’s jump into my Barcelona + Mallorca packing list!  My #1 requirement for dresses whenever I travel abroad–breezy dresses! They need to transition from day to night so I can dress them up or down. I’m sticking to mostly longer midi length dresses (long enough that they won’t blow up in the wind — which is a very valid concern being outside all day  and short enough to stay as cool as possible). My Everlane Picnic Midi Dress (TTS) will be one of the first things I put in my suitcase! Cotton fabric, a stretchy back and adjustable straps that are wide enough to hide bra straps hit all of the elements of a perfect vacation dress. I have the light blue stripe color, but it also comes in navy and a navy stripe, which would also make perfect additions to a travel capsule wardrobe! And of course, I’ll be bringing some of my favorite Amazon Mumus (TTS, size tip: size up if you have a fuller chest or a wider rib cage). Checkout my review post to learn why I’m so obsessed with them! The mumu also happens to be magically wrinkle resistant (witchcraft!?)— so it’s the perfect travel dress. I have two of the blue pattern variations, but do I need another one for my Spain trip? This red one seems very fitting to me!  I also ordered two additional dresses (I call them “Mumu cousins” ) from the same brand, and I LOVE them! This one is the most beautiful pattern, and I love that it’s fitted through the body with cute little buttons. (Runs smaller in the shoulders, so maybe size up if you have broader shoulders). Then there’s this stunning blue maxi (I’m wearing it below! Runs TTS but the arm holes are pretty big, so I’d suggest wearing a bralette underneath if it bothers you!)  More midi dresses I’m loving for summer trips:   My Linen Treasure & Bond Jumpsuit is coming with me! It’s so breathable and looks just as cute with white sneakers as it does with sandals! (It’s also a good double for a swim cover up!) For more jumpsuit outfit ideas, check out my post: The Linen Jumpsuit You Need For Every Trip This Summer. I’ll definitely be bringing this linen jumpsuit from Amazon too! (Wearing it below! It’s such a steal at $33 — I have it in two colors!) I love the yellow for a pop of color and the neutral linen color is stunning as well! Jumpsuits are great for longer trips too, because sometimes you just don’t want to travel in a dress!  More linen jumpsuit options:   My Everlane Clean Silk Cami (TTS) is a go-to vacation essential. The silk fabric is not too shiny and not too basic, making it the perfect versatile base layer. I did a post earlier this year on why I love traveling with them so much and how to style them on vacation. White tank tops are always a good idea, right?! My white Everlane Air Cami (runs a little loose) is super lightweight and is easy to tuck in or knot.  Another great staple– Everlane’s Pima Stretch Black Tank Top. I plan on jazzing up the white and black tanks with silk scarves!  I love this Everlane Stripe Tee (TTS) so much! Packing striped items is one of my best travel hacks, because stripes make you look so chic with very minimal effort! I love that this tee is slightly cropped! A light, long-sleeved layer is always good to have no matter how hot the destination — sometimes your skin just needs a break from the sun! It can be worn as a top, tied over a cami or dress as a light jacket, and it can triple as a bathing suit cover up! It’s seriously the most versatile thing you can pack. My absolute favorite linen button down is this Lolë version (half off right now!) It’s longer/tunic length, so it makes the perfect bathing suit cover-up. I also love the Everlane Linen Relaxed Shirt! And the linen theme continues! For days that I don’t reach for a dress, I’ll probably wear shorts — these are the exact ones I’m wearing later on in this post! I love them — they are SO soft and come in other colors too! They’re perfect as a cover-up or to wear around town! I also love these J.Crew Linen Shorts. They’ll be great for exploring, hiking, being on the water and they’ll double as a cover-up! I have navy linen shorts, but the olive green would so cute in September, too! Another great pair I’d recommend are Everlane’s Easy Chino shorts — not linen, but they’re such a great staple. They pull on, go with everything, and are just so simple and chic! I’m wearing them below and you can see how I styled them multiple ways in this post!  I don’t remember a time in the last several years where I haven’t worn my Lululemon Align leggings for a long flight. They just feel like nothing, honestly, or…butter! (Because being nude feels the same as a dairy product, right?) They don’t feel like regular leggings at all— not too tight and they don’t dig into you. In short, they are INCREDIBLE and worth every penny!  BUT — I am very intrigued by their new “on the fly” pant, which I saw on my friend Liz, who raves about them! They look like the PERFECT travel pants! They’re more polished than a jogger, which I love.  A leather jacket might sound like an odd choice next to all my lightweight, breezy pieces, but I was so glad I had this last year in Italy. It can still get cool at night, so it’s good to have at least one layer to throw over your shoulders! A leather jacket is much nicer than a sweater and I love how the contrast of leather instantly elevates a look. I got mine in Florence at Massimo Leather but linking similar ones below!  More leather jackets I love: First, we need to talk about the importance of *breaking in your shoes* before you leave for vacation! You never want to bring new shoes on a vacation where you plan to do a lot of walking. This will take a bit of planning ahead, but is well worth it, trust me.  Some tried and true tips for breaking in your shoes + avoiding blisters on your trip:  The first thing you should pack for a long trip are comfortable sneakers — nothing ruins a day of exploring like painful blisters! I’ll be packing my go-to Tretorn (TTS!) sneakers because they’ll go with everything in my suitcase and are beyond comfortable. Check out my post about 6 cute summer outfits with sneakers! More white sneakers I love: I will definitely be bringing this pair of KAANAS rattan slides–they’re on major sale right now! They took a wear or two to break in, but now they’re so comfortable and they go with everything! My other favorites are the Steven Greece Slide Sandals and Sam Edelman Leather Slides because they can be dressed up or down (I think of them as an elevated flip flop), and I can easily walk miles in them! The good news about a warm weather trip is that slides take up ZERO room, so you can pack a few pairs!  More leather slides I love:  I’m bringing a few swimsuits for our time in Mallorca. I’m thinking this Amazon High-Waisted Bandeau Bikini, this Ruffled, Retro-Vibe Bikini and this chic One-Shoulder Scalloped Bikini.  Multi-functional, silk scarves are essential for summer trips. First, they elevate a simple outfit with interest and/or color. Second, they can be worn around the neck, as a fun bracelet, tied to your bag or around your hair. (In a pinch, if your scarf is long enough, you can also drape it across your shoulders, which can be important for some Europe dress codes — to enter some museums, churches, etc.) Third, they hide unwashed hair and/or keep hair off your neck when temperatures spike. I have a lot of vintage scarves I’ll be pulling from, but I love this one from Mango, and how cute is this Madewell Fruit-Themed Bandana (on sale!) for Spain?!  Tip: You can also find cheap scarves at most European markets! Some of my favorites came from the leather market in Florence, Italy!  Related: See my hair scarf tying tutorial to learn how I tie scarves in my hair!  A must for any long trip and especially in the summer, I’ll be bringing my fave packable straw hat from Amazon! Also, this packable black version from Madewell is so cute!  This white option is so chic, too! And this classic J.Crew Panama Hat is on sale! Because so many vacation pictures are taken wearing sunglasses, I think it’s really important to bring a pair you really love. (You never want to look back at all your photos and be like “UGH why didn’t I get cuter sunglasses!?” My Ray-Ban Hexagon Aviators have been my go-to of choice lately! I also got these cheapie cat-eye sunnies off Amazon and I love them because they’re adorable and cheap, and I won’t be upset if I lose them in the water! I love how retro they are!   I don’t travel ANYWHERE without a mini streamer! Honestly, I cannot stand wrinkled clothing, and I hate irons, so, therefore, I am never caught without one. I highly recommend investing in a dual voltage steamer, otherwise, if you take your U.S. steamer to another country (even with a converter), you will likely ruin it! It’s worth the extra $10 or so to get one you can take overseas! I learned this the hard way on our Italy trip. (RIP steamy.)  Never forget sunscreen! My favorite body sunscreen is the Beautycounter SPF lotion and I always keep the Mini Sunscreen Stick in my bag at all times! It’s great for reapplying on the go (they are both SPF 30!)   Have you heard of Megababe? It’s a brand created by one of my favorite instagrammers, Katie Sturino. She makes THE BEST products, which are all especially great for traveling anywhere that involves heat and lots of walking! I love their mini rose deodorant, travel wipes, thigh chafe stick (I rub it on my feet to prevent blisters!), and the best of all — BUST DUST! It totally eliminates boob sweat, which as we know, is one of the worst parts of traveling to a hot climate.   Leggings: Lululemon Align leggings (they are SUPER stretchy–I’m typically a size 25/0 and I’m a size 4 in Lulu leggings, for reference, but these have a lot more give than other pairs!), Sneakers: Tretorn (run TTS), Tote: Madewell zip-top transport tote, Suitcase: Delsey Chatlet 21″ suitcase (from Amazon), Cardigan: old, but similar at Nordstrom  My go-to outfit combination for international flights! ALWAYS Lulu leggings, a striped tee, a cardigan and sneakers. Comfy but still polished — it never fails! And yes, I am packing solely in this suitcase for 10 days.   Jumpsuit: Amazon (wearing small! Runs TTS!), Sandals: KANAAS sandals from Shopbop, Belt Bag: Madewell (available at Madewell, Nordstrom and Shopbop!)  This is the Amazon jumpsuit I listed above. I am obsessed! It is SO comfy, cute, beautiful, and you will never believe the price! Also, a belt bag is a must-have for sightseeing days! (Because I’m going to need both hands eating my way through the Barcelona fruit markets, obviously.) Swipe on red lipstick (here I’m wearing Beautycounter’s Girls Night!) for a pop of color! Plus, it’s still really moisturizing, which is key during travel! This is the perfect outfit to wear for a day where you don’t want to be bothered to go back to the hotel to change for dinner!   Maxi: Amazon maxi dress, Shoes: Nisolo Huarache sandals, Bag: Amazon  The best easy breezy maxi dress! A great option to throw on over your suit if you plan to set out and explore but want to do some swimming as well! There is a tie in the back across the shoulders that you can adjust as well, which is key! Note: The arm holes are pretty big so if you’re worried about a side boob situation, you can wear a bralette–or I just stitched the side up slightly with a needle and thread! Worth the extra effort, promise! It looks so much more expensive than it is!   Dress: Amazon MUMU duh (wearing small, TTS, but size up if you have a larger ribcage or chest), Backpack: Madewell Somserset backpack (now only available in canvas, but it’s the best backpack ever! The perfect size!) Shoes: Nisolo Huarache sandals (the reviews say to size up, but they were too big and I exchanged for my normal size!) AHHH THE MUMU! The dress that took over the world this summer! There was never a more perfect dress for a European vacation, let me tell you. It’s so comfortable to travel in, too! I have worn it on many a flight!   Bathing suit: Amazon (wearing small, TTS), Sandals: KAANAS via Shopbop (on major sale! TTS), Linen button-up: Lolë (HALF OFF! Wearing small), Hat: Amazon (it’s packable!), Raffia tote: Nordstrom  Okay I’m now noticing that like everything in this post is from Amazon, even though that wasn’t intentional!  So yes, this bathing suit is also from Amazon! I love love it in black, but it comes in other colors too! It’s very comfortable, which is key! The star of the show though really is my favorite linen button-up! Tuck it into shorts and jeans or wear it as a cover-up. It’s the perfect length and so soft — not scratchy like some linen can be!   Silk cami: Everlane (TTS wearing small), Shorts: Everlane (TTS wearing 0), Shoes: KAANAS via Shopbop (TTS), Belt Bag: Madewell (wearing small) More colors available at Nordstrom! I will likely be wearing this outfit on a day of exploring! (We’re renting Vespas in Mallorca and shorts are much more conducive to Vespa riding than dresses, you know what I mean?) I love these easy shorts and this silk cami is one of the most versatile, barely-there layers! It’s easy to wear around during the day or dress up at night for dinner!   Linen button-up: Lolë (HALF OFF! Wearing small), Linen shorts: Nordstrom (TTS), Shoes: Tretorn, Scarf: Old from Mango, but love this one! (See my hair scarf tying tutorial!)  Another ideal “exploring day” outfit! Here I’m wearing my suit underneath (again, you always want to be ready for a great swimming opportunity–especially if you’re taking a day trip somewhere!) but you can totally wear it *not* as a cover-up as well. I love these shorts, they are SO comfortable, and this is the same linen button-down you saw me wearing over my suit above! I love tying a scarf in my hair for super hot days. It keeps the hair out of your face and adds so much personality to your outfit!   Filed Under: Packing Lists, Style, Travel   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Kate Spade Outlet, White Jeans, Mules, Sam Edelman Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 17, 2017     Top: Topshop at Nordstrom (You saw it first on Instagram!) They have so many cute floral tops right now! (I think we need a whole separate blog post on that topic!) I also love this one, this one, this one, and this one. // Jeans: J.Brand “Maria” (I also have them in “Bluebird” wash–I love, love these jeans!) // Bag: bp (it’s only $35!) comes in black, white and beige too. // Shoes: Steve Madden (only $55!) and come in so many colors (black, camel, hot pink, silver, chartreuse, glitter, olive–you name it, they probably have the color! They even come in black with a gold heel!) They also have a version with a cork heel–so cute!! Itssss FRIDAY! Again! Wahoo! We’re pretty happy that temps are on the rise again here in Chicago. (Phew!) So looks like spring IS maybe going to arrive soon after all? I’m so excited for this weekend as it’s the first one in as long as I can remember that isn’t packed with plans! This never happens! I can’t wait to stay in and relax, wake up early, go to yoga, and then play the rest by ear. (I think this means I’m getting really old?) I think we’ll savor the last of winter (hopefully) with one of our laziest weekends yet  We’ve gotten really into Peaky Blinders–have you watched it? It’s a Netflix show about an English gang in the twenties–it is SO good. We’re almost all the way through it and I don’t know what we’re going to do with our time when it’s over. We’ve also gotten really into Big Little Lies (but UGH. You can’t binge watch it!) Anyway, back to shoes. Today, we’re talking about spring shoes–because, spring is coming, remember? 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 (Fun behind-the-scenes fact: The day we shot this outfit it was during that HORRIBLE cold spell we had last Friday where it was literally 5 degrees. Thank goodness for the Lincoln Park Conservatory! It was toasty warm in there!) I just picked up these Steve Madden sandals at Nordstrom last week and I know they are going to be my #1 most worn pair of sandals this spring and summer. (Sam Edelman also makes a nearly identical pair–Kelly raves about them!) They’re really polished, they come in so many colors, and the low block heel is the perfect height for pretty much any situation I can think of–even work! (Okay, for some people, they wouldn’t work for a 9-5. I however, would’ve worn them to work back in the day.)   I got the blush pink color (similar here, too!) because it’s my favorite neutral for spring. I paired with this floral top and white pants! (Wouldn’t this be such a cute outfit for Easter?) These shoes are also really cute with distressed jeans like these or these and a classic blouse, and perfect with a pretty floral maxi dress. (You’ll see this one on the blog next week!) BUT. There is a but. There are lots of OTHER cute shoes for spring that I’m loving lately too. Let’s explore them all, shall we?         In partnership with Nordstrom. Photography by Jules Kennedy.   Classic ballet flats with an ankle wrap–feminine and comfy! Plus, they’re super versatile–they’ll look so cute with jeans, with a pencil skirt for work, or with a flirty dress. I’m a HUGE fan of espadrilles for spring and summer. I love two things about this pair: They’re leather instead of canvas, so they won’t get dirty, and of course–they’re lace-ups! I’ve been eyeing this style for SO long–they’re just so fun and a nice mix-up from your regular neutral sandal. They’re almost like booties x sandals! (Shooties?) Also come in black. (More ankle wraps. Are you sensing a pattern? Sorry!) I love that these have the block heel, but are close-toed, so you can start wearing them like…today! They come in several colors. This shoe combines all of my favorite things–mules, loafers, and blush! So cute! I think everyone needs a pair of pink mules! I’ve been wearing my cap-toe block heels nonstop. Let’s be honest, they look like Chanel for like 1/10th of the price. Plus, this pair is made to order! How cool is that? Very similar to the blush version I’m wearing today, but with ankle wraps AND tassels! I mean….? These come in several colors, too! I am OBSESSED with these loafers. It took all the willpower I had not to buy them last time I was in Nordstrom. But my next trip…I think I have to do it. I love how classic and simple these leather slides are. They’re the kind of sandals that you live in all spring and summer! Naked heels–perhaps the most versatile heel one can own! They go with everything from evening gowns to your favorite pair of jeans. You guys know how much I love my Jack Purcells! I definitely want to add another pair of classic converse to my rotation, and I think the “shoreline” sneakers are so cute. They’re a little more refined and summery than your average converse. I also bought this exact pair recently! I think they’re the most comfy high-heels I own. They are so flattering too–they make your legs look so long! I can’t get over these strappy lace-ups. Comfy, adorable, and they make an awesome statement yet somehow still remain neutral! Espadrilles x Cap Toes unite! It’s easy to see why I love these so much. Like the version above, they’re leather, so they wipe clean, and will last a long time! They’re kind of like espadrilles meets sneakers? You know how great the Sam Edelman Petty Chelsea booties are, right? Well–this is the springy version! I love the look of the perforated finish, plus, it makes it easy to wear these in between seasons and well into spring. (And again in fall!) Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kelly Larkin says  March 17, 2017 at 8:50 am SO BEAUTIFUL! Why the heck don’t we wear the same size. THIS IS GETTING RIDICULOUS  xoxo! 
Rachel Spross says  March 17, 2017 at 9:16 am Love all of the shoes! I have that cute floral top, it’s such a good spring piece! It looks so pretty on you  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Caitlin Edwards says  March 17, 2017 at 10:55 am Love it! I just got some white jeans for spring! Can’t wait to bring them out! 
Devon says  March 17, 2017 at 12:28 pm Love your outfit and all your shoe picks!! So many adorable options!! I can’t get enough of your blush chunky heels though. Seriously need! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Christina M. says  March 17, 2017 at 3:11 pm Hey doll! Amazing article love all the pink pretty pictures! LOL! Would wear it all actually!  Couple questions: How do you get the widget with the scroll bar where you can scroll between different shoes on your wordpress blog? I want this widget for when i do product posts or shop oriented posts!   Been trying to get it on mine forever now but have no clue how! I see you have it in your side bar area and within this post (see attached image for the item i am referring to )  Thanks doll!! <3   https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d0d40da334409005c2382b0d860256bfab944853eeb3b3ed429ffb0a9edcb557.png 
Jess says  April 13, 2017 at 10:18 am Hi Christina! This is through my affiliate network called RewardStyle. You have to apply to it and be accepted, but there’s a similar program called ShopStyle Collective that you can sign up for right away (not invitation only)–I’d start with that! I run a separate blogging website called Blogging4Keeps.com with my friend Blair, and she’s actually doing a post on that very subject later today, so check the site this afternoon  
Diana Pearl says  March 17, 2017 at 11:38 pm Actually want all of these shoes! Dying for a pair of the Chanel lookalikes. You look gorgeous too  x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com […] image: The Golden Girl Blog […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Cosmetic Bags, Soludos Espadrilles, Hanky Panky Panties, Black Pumps Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 29, 2016  With spring finally around the corner (some days, unless you live in Chicago–then it’s a crap shoot!) I’m feeling confident in putting away my sweaters and pulling out my go-to spring essentials. (And shopping for new ones, when needed–of course.)  Now, before we jump into the whole “5 spring essentials” schtick, I’m also going to be honest for a second. This may come as a shock to you, but I’m not really into fashion trends.  When I read articles like this one (barf), they make me want to pull my hair out. Building a wardrobe is work–so why on earth would you buy something that is going to look ridiculous in six months? (Let’s be honest, “trends” like embroidered track jackets and culottes look absolutely ridiculous now–so think of how silly they’ll looking back at photos in 5 years!) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Sure, I’ve developed a deep obsession with the popular lace-up flats and off the shoulder dresses, but when it comes to wearing all the “it” trends of spring, I don’t pay much attention. I dress for myself–I focus on what makes me happy and feel beautiful, not what is or isn’t in style. Getting dressed is a form of creativity, so let’s not let “trend” parameters define what we should or shouldn’t put on just because someone else thinks they’re cool–right?  So, that being said–I have good news: there are plenty of classic spring staples that won’t require you to hop on the BS trend bandwagon. Maybe you have several of these already–yay! I hope you get as much joy pulling them out of that “spring” storage box as I do. Is your wardrobe lacking one or a couple of ’em? I’ve included plenty of shopping options (at several price points) should you wish to stock up.  So, let’s jump in and talk favorite classic spring go-to’s shall we?    Flat espadrilles are my go-to spring flat. They’re like sneakers, but keep your feet much cooler–it’s almost like being barefoot. They can slip on in about two seconds flat (ha! See what I did there?) and just give your look that warm weather effortless vibe you haven’t been able to pull off in months. I love that some versions are more of a lace-up d’orsay, while others are classic slip-ons. Either way, you can’t go wrong. (Oh, also, chambray with pineapples.) Shop Espadrilles:     As you may have seen in this post, I recently purchased some new jeans (something I haven’t done in YEARS to be honest) from Madewell. They’re light colored, just the right amount of distressed (they have some minimal holes in the knees) and my favorite part–the hem at the bottom is raw.  I think the raw hem factor adds a tiny hint of edge to a classic outfit. Enough to make it not just classic or preppy–but totally amazing. My style is classic with a little bit of a twist, and these are the ultimate weapon in accomplishing that. Think slightly sweet with a hint of spice.  Shop Raw Hem Jeans:     One of my favorite spring/summer outfits is a classic, black or navy silk camisole with slightly distressed jeans and heels. Remember what I said about the whole raw edge jeans thing mixing with classic items to create the perfect outfit? Same thing here! A silk cami is one of the most versatile things you can own in warm weather–wear it with shorts and flats during the day, pair it with a skirt and heels and you can wear it to a wedding. It’s also a great travel staple for that very reason.  Shop silk cami’s:        



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

   I’ve never a girl that wears a lot of hats, although I can’t really put my finger on why! Fedoras never looked quite right on me, and although I love floppy hats, they just aren’t really that practical to wear out and about around the city. One hat I am really excited to try this spring though, is the boater hat. It’s simple, chic, with a flat brim, and a dose of European style.  Shop Boater Hats:     My favorite item in my closet is without a doubt my leather jacket. In the winter months, it’s far too cold to wear, so I always look forward to warmer months when I can finally wear it out and about again! My mom purchased mine for me as a gift when I studied abroad in Italy. She came to visit me for a week in Florence and we went shopping in the leather market together. It’s one of my favorite memories with her, and it gives me so much joy every time I put it on! It’s a buttery soft jacket in a classic silhouette with just a tiny hint of moto qualities. In a word, it’s perfect.  I love classic leather jackets in brown and black, but it’s always fun to go with a different color–dark forest green and blush (obsessed with this one!) are both amazing color choices for leather jackets, yet still remain neutral enough to go with almost everything in your closet!  Shop Leather Jackets:    Photo credits: main, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5    Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Kelly in the City says  March 29, 2016 at 6:25 am LOVE the silk cami tops and the flat espadrilles! (Which I can now pronounce.) Can you come over and detangle my lace-up flats? Okay thanks byeeeeee.  xx
Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Lauren Nolan says  March 29, 2016 at 8:25 am I’m excited about ALL of these things!!! Now we need silk cami and leather jacket weather for nights on a Chicago patio, please 
xoxo,
Lauren | http://www.lakeshorelady.com/ 
Jessica Camerata says  March 29, 2016 at 9:18 am I wish flat espadrilles looked cute on me. Yet to find a pair I like! Also, my favorite jeans I just cut the hem of, perfect raw hem jeans. Voila! Great list! xo Jessica My Style Vita 
Olivia says  March 29, 2016 at 10:10 am Espadrilles are my go-to shoe once the weather gets warm! They might be the comfiest shoe ever, and Soludos knows how to make ’em! Loving all your picks, girlfriend! Baubles to Bubbles 
Maggie says  March 29, 2016 at 10:37 am I can’t wait to get out my spring dresses!
-Maggie  http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Kira @ The Imperfectionist says  March 29, 2016 at 11:24 am Loving them all, definitely getting a boater hat to rock all summer long!  xo,
Kira http://theimperfectionistblog.com/ 
Kristina Anderson says  March 29, 2016 at 12:31 pm Oh my gosh that article you linked to is totally crazy! Really, I should throw away all of my plaid?! I’m super excited about espadrilles and lace-up shoes too. Kristina does the Internets 
Madison Snow says  March 29, 2016 at 3:14 pm Great post! I have been wanted to try the silk camisole trend! Maybe when I have a tan I feel more up for trying it out lol 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  March 29, 2016 at 9:55 pm Target has super cute espadrilles this season! 
Sarah Malcom says  April 1, 2016 at 12:22 pm what kind of bra do you wear with the silk cami? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Kate Spade Outlet, White Pumps Heels, Blue Platform Shoes, Graphic Hoodies and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 30, 2018  Hi guys! Happy Friday! How was your week? I hope it was a good one  The highlight of my week: Neal and I went to try out the Aire Ancient Baths, have you heard of them? It’s essentially this gorgeous exposed brick cavern/Roman-style bath house–there are a bunch of different pools and sauna rooms, and everything is candle-lit. It’s seriously the coolest experience ever and is such a relaxing treat. (They also have a location in New York and several cities in Spain.) The great part is that it’s something you can do with girlfriends, as a couple, or yourself! The baths are co-ed (everyone wears bathing suits and they give you these little aqua slippers to wear, too!) It’s never crowded because they only allow 20 people (I believe its 20, or around there–don’t quote me on that) per 90 minute session, so its very quiet. (You need to make an appointment in advance, just FYI and it’s much easier to get in during the week! I’ve heard weekends book up fast!) You MUST go! Anyway, on to today’s topic! I’ve received a few DM’s from readers on Instagram asking for advice on what to wear to upcoming high-school reunions. So I put together three different outfits that would be great for the occasion (or even a date night, or any other even where you’d like to dress to impress!) These three outfits will accomplish the perfect “turning heads without look like you’re trying too hard” balance, and best of all, they’ll prove that you absolutely did NOT peak in high school. ?  I’m always a huge proponent of wearing black for so many reasons–the biggest one, honestly, being that it is so insanely flattering–especially when it’s this dress. It comes in a version with sleeves as well (I have it in grey) and it’s honestly the most flattering dress I’ve ever found. Few other dresses make every body type look phenomenal–it has to do with the ruching on the dress which slims, hugs curves (and also happens to create them if you don’t have any) all while disguising the tummy! The best part about this dress is that it’s really easy to dress up or down. (Sizing: size up for a looser but still form-fitting fit, order your current size for a tighter fit). You could make it work for a dressier occasion as well by adding a dressier earring and a sleeker pair of sandals, which brings me to…. For something like a high-school reunion, these heels are a perfect choice–the scallops add a feminine touch and the heel adds a flattering amount of height, but not so high that you look look inappropriate. This also takes the dress down a notch to strike that perfect “dressy casual” balance! I love how fun this bag is–it’s a cylinder! How cute is that? It adds the perfect springy touch to the outfit.  Some reunions are dressier, some are more casual–if yours is the latter and happening somewhere like the neighborhood bar, you don’t want to show up overdressed. If you’re going for the “I want to look real good but don’t want to look like I’m trying too hard–this is the outfit for you! I know, again with the black. The color never fails! I love this bodysuit, which is super flattering. The off the shoulder element adds a little flirty touch. I also kind of love how it has a little Olivia Newton John feel, right?! I am in LOVE with these heels, I usually don’t like studs or rivets or anything like that because they’re a bit edgy for my taste, but these are paired with (again) a scallop, so it strikes the balance of sweet and spicy perfectly. They add a ton of personality to your outfit! Any leather jacket will go great with this look, but I love this almost-grey-minty-olive color in particular. I’ve never seen something this color and its one that looks pretty on a variety of skin-tones. I think it makes the outfit a lot more interesting! I have not shut up about my wedgie jeans lately, but you know what–they’re just that good. And not that you ever dress for anyone but yourself, but guys love these jeans ? They make your butt look SO GOOD. So, if you’re trying to catch the eye of that cute guy you always had a crush on in high school, these might be just the ticket! I just saw that my favorite Rebecca Minkoff purse came out again in black with a gold chain! Eeek! It’s such a classic look and it’s the perfect size for going out–it holds everything you need but isn’t bulky and will allow you to be hands-free for all those reunion hugs (or double fisting…or both ?) If you’re looking for the best all-purpose black purse, this is it!  If you’re trying to make a statement in the best way and don’t want to go with a black ensemble, red is another amazing choice. Red is a power color, and wearing it always makes me feel more confident! I love the ruffles on this mini and it shows just the right amount of skin–a lot of leg, balanced out with the higher-cut, straight-across neckline. I love the barely-there spaghetti straps, too! Same jacket, different look! Jean jackets are so incredibly versatile and go with almost any dress! Because the dress makes a statement of its own, you don’t really want a big loud statement earring here, but I love these dainty gold earrings that make a little bitty statement of their own! I’m ALL about these caged sandals! I think they do a nice job of balancing out the feminine qualities of the dress and the lower, chunky heel makes them super comfy, too! I’ve been loving handbags of all different textures lately. So this cork one does an awesome job of bringing a textural element to the outfit while still remaining neutral! Which look is your favorite? By the way, do you like this new collage format? Would you like me to do more of these kinds of posts on what to wear for different occasions? Let me know!  SaveSave Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Erin | Rosewood Runway says  March 30, 2018 at 7:20 am Would love to see more outfit idea posts like this! 
Allie says  March 30, 2018 at 9:39 am I think my favorite is the LBD, and i also really love those statement earrings. The Roman baths sound awesome I hope I get to go some time. HalpyEaster! xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Jenna says  April 4, 2018 at 9:45 pm Hi Jess! I would love to see more posts like this! I love that you put a full outfit together including accessories- it’s super helpful. Please do more like this! Would love a post on outfits for a first date! 
lita says  January 14, 2019 at 5:01 am i am 67 year old woman and i would like suggestions on what to wear during the day to  a  50th year high reunion in  hall. what outfit to bad and shoes. 5 ft 120 lbs. Night time is the alumni night where all high school batches graduates gather big auditorium where we are going to be honored. again what to wear.  thank you for your assistance. 
lita says  January 14, 2019 at 5:02 am i am 67 year old woman and i would like suggestions on what to wear during the day to  a  50th year high reunion in  hall. what outfit to bad and shoes. 5 ft 120 lbs. Night time is the alumni night where all high school batches graduates gather big auditorium where we are going to be honored. again what to wear. the reunion is in three weeks,  thank you for your assistance. 
lita says  January 14, 2019 at 5:05 am i am 67 year old woman and i would like suggestions on what to wear during the day to  a  50th year high reunion in  hall. alumni night .
i am 67 yrs old 5 ft 120 lbs 
Elizabeth says  July 8, 2019 at 9:21 pm Thanks for putting together these outfit ideas! I have my 40th reunion coming up at the end of July. 
Jade Jourdan says  August 22, 2019 at 4:43 pm Awesome suggestions.  Ordered the LBD.  Thank you!! Going to my BF’s reunion.  Want to look nice, but not over-the-top. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Mules, Tan Maxi Dresses, Black Leggings, Tan Coats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 3, 2015   Top: c/o Vineyard Vines // Pants: Loft (old) Similar // Bracelets: J.Crew and Busywrist // Sandals: Madewell (old) Similar // Lips: Younique Lip Stain in Skittish  Labor Day is always a special weekend in Chicago–there’s so much going on, your options are literally ENDLESS, no matter what type of three day vacay you’re planning on having–entertaining guests, or just taking it easy. As you guys may have seen on Instagram, my mom is in town this weekend! We’re taking a mini road trip to visit some family friends in Lexington, KY and then heading to Neal’s family lake house for the weekend! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Although I won’t be in the city for the holiday, I’ve heard about TOO many great things going on not to share.  And for those of you who don’t live in Chicago, I thought this could still serve as some Labor Day outfit inspiration      Chicago Jazz Festival  What’s better than a FREE live jazz concert in Chicago’s most beautiful park? I’ve never attended this, but it’s always been on my bucket list! If you go, please tell me how it is! I’ve heard nothing but great things!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  Glamping at Camp Dana  Starting at $1200, you can relive your childhood glory days with two nights at Camp Dana! Enjoy a great dinner for two at the hotel’s restaurant, roast your own s’more treats each night, a massage for two, arts & crafts–and the kicker? There’s a TIPI in your room!!  The arts & crafts portion also includes some DIY masks or scrubs from the award winning spa at dana and a mixology class at the hotel’s rooftop lounge, Vertigo, plus a cooking class on property. I had a chance to preview Camp Dana a couple weeks ago and it was the best night ever! If you’re ever looking for a stay cation, you can’t find one better than this!    Cirque du Soleil Funny story, one time Neal surprised me with a date night at “Cirque de Shanghai” at Navy Pier. We were both so excited, and then we got there only to find it was in no way affiliated with Cirque du Soleil whatsoever. It was so terrible that it was actually hysterical. We sat there cracking up the whole time, in the outdoor amphitheater roasting and sweating in 100 degrees. Then we went to Margaritaville and Neal spilled my Strawberry Daquiri on his white shorts. All in all, it was a date night for the record books and actually one of my favorites looking back. However, we never made it to the real Cirque du Soleil. Here’s hoping we do sometime soon, seeing as now they are in town–but nonetheless, it will make an excellent Labor Day activity!    Taste of Polonia If you have a thing for pierogi’s and polka (I mean, really, who doesn’t?) this is going to be your jam.    Oak Street Beach  Pack your cooler and get your final fix of the beach before it closes down for the season! If you don’t, you’re going to be kicking yourself in January, just sayin’.    Pilsen Community Market I’ve always wanted to check out the community farmer’s market in Pilsen! Pop by this weekend, and then do some awesome vintage shopping and eat some (obviously) amazing Mexican cuisine!    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Bubbly-Q at City Winery City Winery is throwing their annual Labor Day bash with plenty of BBQ and champagne (best combo ever?) from 2-9pm on Monday! $15 gets you admission, and some wine tasting! For food, expect a pig roast, and other tasty bites. 
Road trip to Chicago Premium Outlets I just took a trip to the outlets this week (more on that soon!) and you guys, you wouldn’t even be able to tell this was an outlet mall. It was so clean, organized, and had the cutest stuff! There will be deals up to 70% off already discounted items. If you’re looking for a daytime activity, this would definitely be one to put on your list! Plus, they offer a free shuttle from downtown!          I’ll be living in things like chambray tops, white denim, and sandals this weekend.  (Because summer isn’t over yet, remember? I, like Maya, am a full proponent of white pants AFTER Labor Day.)  I’m not going to put away this Vineyard Vines top until it starts SNOWING.  Okay, maybe that’s a bit dramatic, but I’m for sure wearing it through the fall.    
  What are you up to for Labor Day?  Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style  
Brittney says  September 3, 2015 at 9:29 am Spending as much time as I can at our lake house! Best place to be in the summer  Have fun with Mumsie and Neals family!!!
hugs!
Brittney
http://www.bubblyandbold.ca 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:18 pm Thanks Brittney! Have SO much fun at your lake house! Lake houses are seriously the best! xoxo 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  September 3, 2015 at 12:57 pm That top! I love! Her Heartland Soul http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:18 pm Thank you lady!  
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  September 3, 2015 at 7:36 pm Fabulous outfit! You never can go wrong with a pair of white pants and a chambray top – I don’t care what the season is! 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:18 pm Thank you so much Karly! I’m so glad you agree  Thanks for stopping by!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Formal Gowns, Black Tees, Tan Slides, Metallic Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 11, 2015   Be sure not to miss the article over on The Everygirl today! It’s an extra awesome feature, written by Kelly! Upon meeting her, I discovered that she had a hidden talent and an amazing side hustle: selling clothes on eBay. It was something the world had to know about! So luckily, she dished all of her secrets, and we’re so glad she did!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Read all of her tips over on The Everygirl this morning! (Spoiler alert: they’re so easy, you’d be silly not to try it for yourself!) Filed Under: Advice, Lifestyle, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Tops, Designer Gowns On Sale, Gold Flats, Lace Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 27, 2019   Helllooo from an *over-indulged in way too much fun over the last 5 days* Jess. ? We got back from Montana yesterday (we had a 6am flight and had to get up at 3:30am ?) If you missed it, I was there for our best friends’ wedding–two of not only the most important people in our lives but at the top of the “funnest people we know” list–it was a raging good time full of our amazing group of friends, lot’s of late nights and way too many beverages, but it will hands down one of the best highlights of our lives. The first part of the trip, the entire wedding party (and significant others) rented out an entire lodge, and then after the wedding we moved to rent out two gorgeous ski in/ski out condos at the base of the mountain.  I am now paying for that fun, because I have one day to work and re-pack before I head off to Phoenix for a Beautycounter conference with Blair at the crack of dawn on Thursday. ?AM I CRAZY? Yes. But I’m also so excited for this upcoming weekend as well despite my stress levels being quite high. ? Anyway–speaking of lot’s of travel, I get so many questions on comfy shoes–which obviously, are ideal for travel, but the older I get, the lower tolerance I have for uncomfortable shoes in everyday life as well. You too? Good, because today I’m rounding up my comfiest pairs of shoes for ALL seasons and all weather! ??  I get a LOT of questions on my Gucci loafers–I can confidently say that yes, they are worth every penny. Neal got these for me for Christmas a few years back and they are one of my favorite gifts ever.  I think you will have them until the end of time, they are a beautiful, classic staple that is exceptionally well-made. They also happen to be one of comfiest pairs of flats that I own–they are truly the most buttery, soft leather and they don’t require any breaking in. I have the Brixton loafers–they are technically convertible (i.e. you can fold them down into mules in the back) but honestly I’ve never worn them that way because I like them better the normal way and I don’t want to wear down the backs!  Sizing: I wear a US 8 and went with the 37 1/2 (European sizing) and they fit perfectly.   Whenever someone asks for my favorite gucci dupes, I tell them Sam Edelman’s pair–both the Lorraine or Lior Lorraine loafers are tough to beat–(the only difference is that the Lior has a twisty horsebit and Lorraine has the more traditional horsebit). I have them in leopard but they have traditional black, brown, and just about every other color you can imagine too. I think Sam Edelman is probably my #1 most worn shoe brand of all time. Everything they make is great quality, stylish, and importantly–always comfortable! Run true to size.  See more ways I style both the leopard and Gucci loafers here!     THESE SANDALS. I own them in so many colors and they are truly the best.  I got mine when they first came out a couple of summers ago and they are still my absolute favorites. They look like Hermes, and are only $79! I often get asked how they compare to Hermes. I don’t know because considering how much I wear my sandals into the ground, Hermes slides do not feel like a smart investment for me personally–but my guess is that no they do not feel as high end as Hermes. They’re $79! Let’s be real! BUT they are real, soft cowhide leather, they don’t rub or require breaking in, and truly, the comfiest slides ever, and I don’t usually think slides are comfortable. I even wore them all day walking all around Capri. I could not love a flat sandal more. Run true to size.  See more ways to style the Steven Greece sandals here.   You have seen me wearing these on the blog and instagram a lot lately, for good reason. I’ve said it about 10 times now and I’ll say it again: I typically find one pair of new seasonal heels and I wear them into the ground for the year. These are going to be that pair. They aren’t just stylish, but they’re super versatile, they go with everything, and they are best of all–comfortable! They are made of nubuck so they’re very soft (and don’t dig into your toes) and the perforated material is great for keeping your feet cool when it’s hot out but for those times when it’s chillier, you’ll be glad for the extra material as well! They’re a really great transitional heel! Run true to size.  See these shoes also styled here, here, and here.   Speaking of running shoes into the ground–this pair is another one! I’m pretty sure all my friends have at least one pair of these heels in various colors. They really are the best shoes for weddings (whether you’re in one or just attending one). I love them especially in cork because they are neutral but add a great textural element to take your outfit up a notch! Run true to size.  Because I know someone will ask–comparing the Yaro sandals (and the Carrson sandals below) to the Halogen sandals–I don’t think you can compare them. They’re just different! I think the Halogen sandals are more interesting, but the Yaro and Carrson sandals are more versatile simply because they can be dressier (i.e. worn for a wedding, whereas the Halogen ones cannot). If you’re looking for strictly comfort, go with the Halogen sandals because the heel is wider and lower.   Most recently worn in my What to Wear to a Spring Wedding post! The Carrson sandals are basically an identical shoe to the Sam Edelman version above–I think they’re pretty interchangeable. For some reason I think the heel feels higher on the Steve Madden version but the descriptions both state 4″ so it must be all in my head. ?I’ve had a couple different pairs of these over the years (my other pair is a suede blue which is sadly no longer made) but I have always loved them! These run true to size.   Another pair of heels I have worn forever–I think these might be my oldest pair of shoes that I own. We’re talking like…at least 6? Maybe 7? Years. (Which is why mine are an older version). Another Sam Edelman pair–the Hazel Pumps–which, I’ve turned so many people onto over the years and always get dm’s of thanks over, haha! They are the truest definition of an elegant, classic pump–I love them in suede–they are my go-to date night shoe when its cold and they are perfect for any work setting as well. (I have run through many an office in them late for a client meeting ?) These run true to size!  See more ways to style the Sam Edelman pumps here!   Ah, the heels I NEVER shut up about–Everlane’s Day Heels. I never really know if I should put these in the “heels” or “flats” category because they’re kind of in-between. I love them SO. MUCH. If you’re the kind of girl who can’t stand heels purely for comfort’s sake (or because you’re always on your feet for work)–these are going to change your life. They are so comfortable I have walked MILES in them in one sitting. I brought them to Italy. I’ve walked from Michigan Avenue to Wicker Park in them in the summer. They are truly unparalleled. Sizing: go up 1/2 size if you’re in between!  See a bunch more ways to style the Everlane Day Heels here.     So, now that you know about my Day Heel obsession, it should be no surprise that The Day Boot also tops my list. If you don’t believe me, I wore these walking around the cobblestone streets of Portugal, back to back, for multiple days, and they were perfect. They are truly the chicest booties, and because they are the same structure as the Day Heel (just with more leather, obviously, haha) they are the comfiest pair of booties I own. They come in lot’s of colors, too, but I am partial to the beautiful tan!   Come on, did you really think any shoe roundup of mine wouldn’t include Blondo boots?! I know they’re probably a little out of season now with winter coming, but I wanted to mention them anyway in case you’re traveling to a cooler climate or happen to be perusing this post several months from now.  Blondo makes the best booties and booties ever. They are ALL waterproof, all super comfortable, and all very high quality. The ones I’m wearing above are again, years old, but very similar to the Velma pair that is in stock now! I would highly recommend checking both Nordstrom and Lord and Taylor’s selection–both have a lot to choose from!  More reading: How to wear Over The Knee Boots 12 Ways   I loveeee love love love these sneakers. They are my new favorites–feel like soft slippers (no break in!) and are minimalistic and chic enough to pair well with cute dresses. They run true to size and come in lot’s of colors, but, you know me–old school and classic, I love the all white version!  See more ways to style these sneakers here!   Last but CERTAINLY not least– Allbirds! I have them in both dark grey and light grey and much to my surprise, I actually wear the dark grey a lot more. They are made of 100% wool and are machine washable. They also feel like slippers, and I love the way they look! I’m not a super sporty kind of girl, so they are the right mix of classic and sporty for me. If you need a shoe that is supportive but still cute, these are going to be your thing!  I’ve been asked a few times lately if I had to choose between the Tretorn and Allbirds, which would I choose, but that’s basically asking to compare an apple to like…a coffee machine. ? There is very little cross-over with what I wear each pair with (I guess, other than with jeans and tshirts). Allbirds are comfier, chicer, more minimalistic stand-ins for your trainers. You would rarely be able to pull off Allbirds with a pretty feminine dress without looking like you were commuting somewhere and planning to change your shoes eventually. (However, I have worn them with something like a super casual t-shirt dress!) I love them for running errands, traveling, etc–times you want to be really comfy (i.e. feel like sweats, but actually look put together). They’re sportier, but still classic, you know what I mean?  Tretorns are more versatile, and while super comfy, they are also more fashion forward, so you can wear them with a girly sun dress and not feel frumpy–whereas that would be much harder to pull off with Allbirds. I hope that helps, haha! I promise to post a “what to wear with Allbirds” post soon!!   Filed Under: Advice, Ask Jess, Outfits, Style  
Jane says  March 27, 2019 at 8:11 pm LOVE this post. So comprehensive. Thank you!!! 
Liza says  March 27, 2019 at 10:13 pm I love this except for the Carrson sandals. The style works great for so many occasions but I never end up wearing them because they are so uncomfortable. 
Lauren says  March 28, 2019 at 6:15 pm This was a super helpful post! Thank you for including so much detailed information about sizing and comfort. I’ve been debating getting the Everlane Day Heels because I HATE wearing heels (even the ones that are supposed to be comfortable end up hurting my feet) and I’ve heard so many good things about them. I may have to make that happen at some point! […] I’m always on the look out for shoes that are the right balance of style + comfort. Jess of The Golden Girl Blog shares about her Comfiest Shoes. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Midi Dresses, Wedge Black Shoes, Black And White Jumpsuit, Blue Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 19, 2018   Sweater: c/o Everlane–it’s their cropped cashmere mockneck sweater, which also comes in 13 (yes, thirteen!) colors, and is only $100! They are one of my go-to’s for staple cashmere sweaters, they have so many styles and their prices CANNOT be beat! Pants: Halogen ponte pants (yep, same one’s you saw styled four more ways (including some business casual looks!) right over here!) They run TTS and also come in a charcoal grey (which I think I also need…what do you think? ?) Shopbop also has some good pairs that are more “work” related if “skinny pants” aren’t work approved for you! Loafers: Gucci Brixton Loafers (Neal got them for me for Christmas! Eek! Sam Edelman makes a really amazing dupe pair (I have ’em in leopard print!) that are as comfy as they are cute, though! They actually make a ton of cute loafers–shop them all right here! Lipstick: Givenchy’s “Carmen Escarpin” Hair: Waved with a T3 “Whirl” 1″ wand (buy the base + wand attachment separately!) finished with Oribe Apres Beach Spray  Can you believe it’s Friday? Toooottallyyy feels like Thursday. (And just when I was getting back into the swing of things from the holidays, too!) How was your week? Despite starting on a low note (I was sick and therefore got nothing done the first half of the week) mine is thankfully ending on a high note. I was catching up on one of my favorite podcasts, the Courage & Clarity Podcast (I’ll be doing a whole post on Reader Favorite Podcasts, by the way! Get excited, SO many good ones!) and discovered her method of tackling her to-do list. It is GENIUS. You can get her free download here. It’s helped me SO much. That, paired with an app called “Forest” which essentially locks you out of your phone for a certain amount of time, forcing you to focus–has really saved my week! So, that was my little productivity tidbit for the day  Neal also gets home from traveling all week tonight, and I’m so excited to see him! As much as it stinks to be apart, I really do think it makes us appreciate one another and what we have so much more! We have a date night planned for Saturday but not sure where to go yet. Thinking somewhere fun downtown–have you tried any cool new spots lately? Anyway…on to today’s post! You got a sneak peak of this in the photo from yesterday’s post, but I’m excited to share three really cute outfits that Cassandra and I shot at The Robey over lunch there last week. (It’s so good! Get the avocado toast and fries!) As you know, this year, I’m aiming to bring you more HELPFUL (not just pretty) content, so I’m showing you how I styled two of my favorite wardrobe staples to create three very different outfits for several different occasions!  This is one of my favorite go-to sweaters because it can be dressy or casual depending on what you pair it with. It’s lightweight, so it’s a sweater you can start wearing in the fall and wear well into spring, too! (Trans-seasonal staples are always a win in my book!) Shop more Everlane sweaters:    Ohhh snap. They’re back again! Yep, same ones you saw me style in my latest Capsule Wardrobe Remix post. I considered spacing them out because I was worried you’d get sick of them, but honestly, I DO wear them SO much, back to back. It’s real life–what can I say? Ponte pants are the best! (By the way, some of you have asked how to pronounce them–I say “PONT”–that’s all I’ve ever heard, so I’m hoping it’s correct ? UPDATE: It is NOT correct, haha! Thank you to Alex for pointing this out in the comments, I actually Youtubed it and found a Giluliana Rancic HSN segment where they say “pont-ee” so I feel like that must be right? I’m still probably going to say pont let’s be honest. ?) You can also sub these out for any pair of jeans, leggings, or work pants that you like! The sky is the limit, you know. Read on for how to style them!    Here I kept things super simple with just a pair of loafers and no extra frills! Who said chic had to be complicated? It doesn’t! Sometimes, I think minimalistic style is the most beautiful–I fully embrace and appreciate the understated beauty in an outfit that is only three pieces! Here I’m wearing the Gucci loafers that Neal got me for Christmas (yes, they are as wonderful as you’ve heard. Even better, honestly. I never dreamed they would be so comfortable!) but Sam Edelman makes a really great dupe that are also insanely comfy!  Blazer: BB Dakota c/o Shopbop–the best most versatile sweater blazer! BB Dakota has the best staples and so many cute jackets/blazers right now–shop more here! Sweater: c/o Everlane–it’s their cropped cashmere mockneck sweater, which also comes in 13 (yes, thirteen!) colors, and is only $100! They are one of my go-to’s for staple cashmere sweaters, they have so many styles and their prices CANNOT be beat! Pants: Halogen ponte pants (yep, same one’s you saw styled four more ways (including some business casual looks!) right over here!) They run TTS and also come in a charcoal grey (which I think I also need…what do you think? ?) Pumps: Sam Edelman. SE makes some of my favorite shoes–they have so many cute classic pumps, too. Shopbop has a HUGE selection, which you can shop here! Lipstick: Givenchy’s “Carmen Escarpin” Hair: Waved with a T3 “Whirl” 1″ wand (buy the base + wand attachment separately!) finished with Oribe Apres Beach Spray Scarf: J.Crew (mine is Paris print but they still have the London print, it’s SO CUTE!) For a more business casual take on these basics, I added my favorite new blazer–which is really a cross between a blazer and a sweater. I like how it’s a bit less structured than a blazer, and the material is actually felt, which brings another layer of texture to the outfit and adds a lot of interest! You know me, I couldn’t resist a neck scarf for a bit of Parisian flair ? I think neck scarves work especially well with more “office-y” outfits and add a feminine touch and a lot of personality that standard 9-5 outfits often lack.      Trench: London Fog–I am OBSESSED with this rain coat. It has a detachable liner that adds a lot of warmth, as well as a detachable hood! It’s one of my favorite wardrobe staples, and you can’t beat the under $200 price tag! Sweater: c/o Everlane–it’s their cropped cashmere mockneck sweater, which also comes in 13 (yes, thirteen!) colors, and is only $100! They are one of my go-to’s for staple cashmere sweaters, they have so many styles and their prices CANNOT be beat! Pants: Halogen ponte pants (yep, same one’s you saw styled four more ways (including some business casual looks!) right over here!) They run TTS and also come in a charcoal grey (which I think I also need…what do you think? ?) Boots: Blondo “Olivia” boots–they also come in black leather and grey suede, and they’re WATERPROOF! They’re my go-to boots when it’s yucky outside, but I don’t want to wear rain boots! They also come in a shorter knee-high riding boot version. Shop more Blondo boots here! Lipstick: Givenchy’s “Carmen Escarpin” Hair: Waved with a T3 “Whirl” 1″ wand (buy the base + wand attachment separately!) finished with Oribe Apres Beach Spray Beret: Urban Outfitters, comes in so many colors and is such a great steal under $30! Last but certainly not least–adding some camel into the mix is always one of my favorite go-to’s to make an outfit look instantly more sophisticated. In this instance, it’s in the form of a beret–my favorite new accessory. I usually reach for this on winter days that are a little bit warmer. Surprisingly though, it’s still really warm! Or when I just can’t bear to pull on a beanie AGAIN. I hope you join me in jumping on the beret bandwagon because now that I have, I can’t be stopped. I want one in every color. Because last Thursday was unseasonably (and wonderfully) warm, I got away with wearing my TRENCH if you can believe it. It has a removable liner that adds a lot of extra warmth, and it actually is pretty good at blocking the wind, so it was all I needed to stay warm and dry! Speaking of rainy days and staying dry, Blondo is a boot brand you really need to know about (if you haven’t caught my mention of these waterproof suede boots the other 87569 times on this blog ?) Yes, ALL of their shoes are waterproof, and they make so many cute kinds! Mine I’m wearing here are the “Olivia” pair but they’re selling out quick, so snap ’em up while you can! They’re what I always pull on when I can’t look at another rain or snow boot! (They’re so comfortable, too!) That’s the other thing I love about these pants. They are polished enough for work, but also look great tucked into boots–which is a pretty rare find, in my opinion!     SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Taylor Cannon says  January 19, 2018 at 7:17 am I love posts like this! All 3 looks are so cute!
Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  January 19, 2018 at 7:33 am No one pulls off the neck scarf quite like you! 
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  January 19, 2018 at 8:41 am Loving ALL looks, especially the trench + beret! xo, Laura | brightandbeautifulblog.com 
Erin Robertson says  January 19, 2018 at 9:06 am Just pulled the trigger on these pants. You make them look so cute! 
Alex Breslin says  January 19, 2018 at 9:30 am It’s pon-tee actually! 
Taylor Martin says  January 19, 2018 at 11:24 am Love these looks, that Everlane sweater has been sitting in my cart all week – after seeing these pics definitely pulling the trigger!  Also, love those boots. I think I’m finally going to order them now that they’re on sale. Would you say they run true to size? 
Caroline Leigh Brenner says  January 22, 2018 at 2:03 pm I absolutely love all three of these looks! I’m a huge fan of the blazer and neck scarf in the second look, but I also really like the “French Girl Style” in the third look! Very cute outfits! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Turtlenecks On Sale, Red Rompers, Black Swimsuit, High Waist Flare Pants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 9, 2018  Original outfit post here HI GUYS! Happy Tuesday! Random off-shoot–but I hadn’t checked this little tidbit in my analytics in awhile. So apparently Tuesdays are my most popular day when it comes to website traffic. Isn’t that random? I would’ve thought Mondays (because who wants to start WORKING?) or Fridays (because we all want to STOP working!) but nope. Tuesday. So, thanks everyone, for showing up on this beautiful Tuesday we’re enjoying here in Chicago. In fact, I did not even leave the house yesterday. So I have very high hopes for Tuesday and this “heat wave” we’re currently experiencing. (High of 39 today! Summerrrrr!) As I mentioned in my 2018 Goals post right over here, I really want to focus on bringing you more helpful content in 2017–after hearing your feedback about how much the Capsule Wardrobe Remix series is helping you be more creative with getting dressed, and how much you love seeing one piece styled multiple ways, I had an idea for a new series: Style 101. In this series, I’ll tackle a specific style concept and break it down with my tips. I’m envisioning this being part reader driven (answering your questions) and part just my personal experience in general–how I put together an outfit, which staples I use to build my wardrobe, and so on. If you have a specific style 101 question or request, I would LOVE to hear it– you can submit it via my Ask Jess question form!  Now, let’s jump into our first topic. Which I wanted to focus on first because it’s one that applies to every body type. Not to mention, something almost every woman I know wants to know–how to make your legs look longer! (Also, I’ve pulled examples from lot’s of outfit posts over the years, many of which do not involve dressing for the arctic tundra, so I thought this would be a nice breath of fresh air for all of us. ? (LOOK–open toed shoes!!!)       I know, I know. YOU DON’T BELIEVE ME. Whenever I give people this tip they resist it. Always. After all, this completely goes against your natural instinct to wear a longer top to HIDE the widest parts of your body, right? But the opposite is actually true. For example, I’m wearing the same pants above–look how much longer my legs look on the right, and in the photo at the bottom, where my shirt is tucked in. Why is this so? Because by tucking in your shirt, it not only defines your waist and enhances your body’s hourglass shape, but you add a good SEVERAL INCHES to your legs at the top, whereas a longer tunic would’ve covered them. So, even though I’m wearing a longer cardigan in two of the examples above (which you can totally do if you’d rather your behind be covered by something) it still gives the illusion that my legs are much longer than the photo on the left. Crazy, right?   Every woman needs a quality pair of dark, slim-fitting skinny jeans in her closet. They definitely don’t have to be skin tight (that’s not a good look either!). Something that hits high on the waist and is fitted/tapered down goes a long way to add length to your legs. Plus highlight your best curves in a super flattering way! On the flip side, I often hear women protesting this saying, “I don’t have the body to pull of skinny jeans!”–but truthfully, you do. I promise. They are one of the most flattering things you can own. They define the waist, they emphasize curves (whether that is creating curves you don’t have, or highlighting the beautiful curves you do!) Remember, using looser-fitting clothing that hides the curves of your body doesn’t make you look better, it just gives the effect of “walking garbage bag” – not a good look! If you don’t believe me, to prove this, I challenge you to seek out any honest friend/coworker/partner/husband who knows nothing about fashion or what’s in style, and tell them to pick between looser fitting jeans and high-waisted, form-fitting skinny jeans. I bet you all my money I know which one they’ll pick ? My favorite pairs of high-waisted skinny jeans: Abercrombie skinnies (my new favorite and SO affordable), J.Brand Maria jeans (top photo–when in doubt, size up) a splurge but worth every penny–the ones I own are the “bluebird” wash but also come in black, Rag & Bone skinny jeans (second photo from the top–size down–also a splurge, but worth it! They are SO comfortable), Levi’s 721 skinny jeans (true to size, also a great budget-friendly option).     [/one-third] I have several pairs of nude-colored shoes for all season, for a very good reason. (Ha, I even rhymed!) They make your legs look amazzzinnggg. The key is to find a pair that is similar enough to the color of your skin, so there is a seamless line between where your leg ends and the shoe begins–making it seem like they go on forever. This even works for ankle boots, which traditionally cut you off at the leg–not so if they’re nude! Essentially what this is accomplishing is making you look like you’re running around with Barbie feet–you know, on your tip-toes. Why do you think Barbie’s legs are so long? ? (You know, if we were pretending, for a second, that Barbie’s legs were actually proportionate to her body in length and width ?) But in all seriousness. Stand in front of a mirror with bare feet. Now stand on your tip-toes. See? You’ve just added several inches to your legs. Go figure! Nude pumps: a year-round staple that you can wear to work, to weddings, to date nights, baby showers, brunch with grandma and anything in between. Go for a classic silhouette with a slightly pointed toe and you’ll get years of wear out of them! My favorites are by Sam Edelman, but Steve Madden makes a great pair too! (Also this pair from Calvin Klein has a “hidden gel pod” for comfort. Ooooo. Whatever that is…I’m intrigued ?)   Nude heeled sandals: Have you heard of “naked” sandals? I’m pretty sure Stuart Weitzman coined this term but I could be wrong. Luckily for you and me, everyone else and their mom came out with cheaper versions. Like I referenced above, wearing a pair of these heels=barbie feet. They have a very thin strap over the toes and one around the ankle for a “barely there” look. My favorites are The Carson sandals from Steve Madden, but Vince Camuto and Sam Edelman make a nearly identical pair as well. I’m linking some of my favorites below: Nude heeled booties:  To get the same effect but in fall and winter, look for–I’m a broken record at this point ?–nude booties with a slightly pointed toe. My favorites the Dolce Vita Cassius booties (you can see them styled in this post) and sadly my booties you see featured in the photo above are sold out, but this pair is really similar from the same brand, as well as this pair! (All great praces, too!)   Over the knee boots have the effect of skinny jeans, but reversed, haha! Make sure to find a pair that hugs your calf and thigh (so it doesn’t end up adding bulk) and pair them with a short hemline OR with form-fitting pants (with a front tuck, of course ?) and they’ll make legs look long and lean! I am not exaggerating when I say I wear my Stuart Weitzman boots probably 3-4 times per week (that is, when there isn’t snow and ice on the ground). Yes, they’re expensive, obviously, but worth EVERY. PENNY and when you break it down to cost per wear over the years, it really evens out. (That is, if you have the budget to splurge, I do not advocate choosing shoes over paying bills, or eating!) For a budget friendly alternative, I also have the Blondo OTK boots which don’t come up quite as high on the thigh but they are budget-friendly and also waterproof! These are the only other OTK boots I’ve found that work for me because I have small calves. These boots are elastic in the back (which means they will also work if you do not have child calves, don’t worry, haha!) but just thought I’d throw out that additional info for my fellow small-calved ladies out there ?   Remember when I talked about how nude shoes create that “seamless line” between where your leg ends and your foot begins? The same thing can be accomplished when you go with a monochromatic look with your pants and booties. The same is true if you wear a dress with black tights with black shoes! My favorite black booties are this pair from SARTO (pictured above)–they’re really comfy and I love that the toes are a bit pointed–enough to be flattering but still very comfy for walking around everywhere! My favorite black pumps are these from Sam Edelman (I have a very old version that I’ve owned for years). Similar here as well! SaveSave Filed Under: Style, Style 101  
Taylor Cannon says  January 9, 2018 at 7:15 am Love these tips! I love any style or outfit that can help my lakes look a tad longer!
Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Meaghan says  January 9, 2018 at 7:40 am So helpful!! Love the ideas  
Kayley says  January 9, 2018 at 9:12 am So excited about this series – can’t wait to see where it goes! Thanks for all the helpful tips, Jess! I http://www.thatlittlereddress.com 
Betsy Williams says  January 9, 2018 at 9:59 am I love this! 
Caitlin Edwards says  January 9, 2018 at 11:32 am Awesome post! As someone who is 5’3″, I always want my legs to look longer! Excited to see whats to come for you in 2018  http://www.themilestraveled.com 
Katie says  January 9, 2018 at 11:37 am Lovin this series! I’m a fashion girl and LOVE style but even these tips I can take and use! Sometimes you can just forget the simple rule of dark pants + dark jeans = long legs. As a fashion blogger myself I have been really trying to understand the WHY and HOW part of getting dress. I can style myself every day and look great. But often translating that into words can be difficult and also something I am working on. Then I have to remember that just like I have NO idea about beauty or makeup, people who come to my blog hopefully have NO idea about style or want inspiration and I can teach them.  Katie | http://www.sunshinestyleblog.com 
Amanda B. Mahony says  January 10, 2018 at 8:38 am loved this! maybe some tips on self-care during winter, i.e. how to even GET dresses when its like -19 outside  haha! thanks! 
Maria says  January 10, 2018 at 10:04 am I think you mean well (and these are great tips!) but I wish you would say “flesh tone” instead of “nude” and acknowledge that beige shoes are only “nude” for white women. The options you link to match your skin but options for darker skin tones would be great. 
Naomi @HuntingforPinkFlamingos says  January 10, 2018 at 11:18 am I love this series idea! Because who doesn’t want to make their legs look longer?? And I can’t wait to see the next one! Also, I am all about the black tights + black boots look. It keeps me warm AND it makes my legs look longer! xx – Naomi
http://huntingforpinkflamingos.com/ 
Paula says  January 19, 2018 at 3:27 pm Would love some tips on the older and curvier woman. Thank you. 
Starlyn says  March 21, 2018 at 12:40 am This is great! However, as a petite gal, I would love to see what the back looks like when you tuck the front of your shirt in. When I attempt this, the back looks so sloppy. Then I try to tuck the back in as well, which doesn’t not look flattering on me at all. Would you mind posting some pics of your front tuck outfits from the back please? […] (aka how to wear one piece of clothing in multiple ways) and has started a new series about style tips (like how to make your legs look longer.) On Instagram, she shares some great recipes and beauty […] […] from The Golden Girl shows us all how to make our legs look longer! Thanks for the tip […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Long Sleeve Tees, Knit Turtlenecks, Black Heels, Gowns Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 31, 2017   Dress: Topshop at Nordstrom–also comes in top version! (this one is a very similar navy version and I loveee this version with the dark floral print. I also tried on this one in a similar silhouette, it’s such a perfect transitional “winter to spring” color!) If you’ve been loving bell sleeves lately like I have, I rounded up my favorites in this post! // Boots: Stewart Weitzman (this is my favorite budget friendly version though, which I also own!) // Lipstick: My #1 go-to shade–MAC Lady Danger (I also recommend their lip scrub, which is SO good for winter, and their lip primer!) // Hair: Curled with a Beachwaver curling iron, Oribe Texture Spray // Nail polish: Essie’s no-chip gel polish–it actually stays really well compared to normal polish! I did a little review of it here. // Bar necklace: Dana Rebecca // Dainty gold “J” necklace: c/o Vo Jewelry    So, this has been a great week so far! YAY for great Mondays, right? For starters, my friends Cassandra, Meg and I got together for an impromptu lunch at Dox Greek–this new trendy fast-casual (that’s a term now, you know. I heard it on the Bon Appetit Foodcast which is my favorite podcast ever) Greek restaurant. It was really good. I would describe it kind of like Antique Taco but with Greek? Like traditional street food with a twist? Order the chicken kebabs with fries. SO good. Anyway, we spent awhile catching up over kebabs and pitas. OH and something I forgot–back up–it was SUNNY today? Yeah, that hasn’t happened in literally (I’m not kidding, I know I use the word “literally” liberally, but I’m really not exaggerating this time!) 10 days. I walked into the kitchen this morning to see sunlight streaming through the windows and did little pirouettes in my wool socks. Anyway, yes, after the sun happened, THEN I met my friends for lunch, then Meg and I took the long way home to her place. Her cutie baby James–(remember him from this post?)–had fallen asleep so we thought the long way was best. Then we booked our flights and hotel for LA in February! Eeeeek! I am SO excited. I haven’t been in so long, and I cannot wait to get the heck out of this weather for a few days. I tell myself that when I get back, it will be almost March, which means it will get warmer. (Lies, I know, but it helps me sleep at night.) We’ll be staying in Beverly Hills, so if you have any must-sees or reccos, I’d love to hear them! The good times will also keep rolling this week because I have girls dinner with Blair, Shaheen and Kelly lined up tonight, a work date with Blair to tackle our full Blogging For Keeps agenda tomorrow, and then dinner with one of my BFF’s, Liz, tomorrow night. WHEW. Ladies week! Speaking of, this dress + these boots [budget-friendly version here!]= girls night and date night go-to! (I know Kelly is reading this tssk tssking, “JESSICA! YOU NEED TO WEAR TIGHTS IN WINTER!” but that’s really not true–OTK boots keep you SO warm! They’re basically like pants. Remember? We already covered this.) Speaking of tights–if you throw on an opaque pair with a classic pair of pumps, this dress is also perfectly suitable for the office. It’s also under $100 so that’s always a bonus! There are a ton of similar versions in different patterns. Shop this + similar dresses:    Also, if you like to shop small and support local designers, check out Vo Jewelry! She made this adorable little “J” initial necklace for me and is so, so cute! It’s perfect for layering or all by itself. I love how dainty it is–she’s also one of the coolest gals around. I met her at a shoot I did with Alice & Wonder and we all had so much fun together! […this post was apparently brought to you by “girl power.” YEAH.]         Also check out: How I curl my hair in soft waves, some favorite winter wardrobe staples Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Rachel Spross says  January 31, 2017 at 9:26 am You are adorable! I love that dress  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Jess says  February 2, 2017 at 11:44 am Aw thank you Rachel!! 
TheVagabondWayfarer says  January 31, 2017 at 9:59 am Love the dress!
http://www.thevagabondwayfarer.com 
Jess says  February 2, 2017 at 11:44 am Thanks lady! 
tornado_ally says  January 31, 2017 at 11:13 am I have been really frustrated with my knockoff Lowland boots lately – they won’t stay up without me resorting to using weird straps underneath the boots. Do you have any issues with the Lowland boots staying up (particularly with bare legs underneath, like this)? I may just bite the bullet and buy the real deal. http://www.tornado-ally.com 
Jess says  February 2, 2017 at 11:44 am Omg, girl, I FEEL you. I can’t tell you how many Lowland knock-offs I tried on. The only one’s that worked for me with my legs are the budget-friendly alternatives I linked above, but they don’t tie in the back. Honestly, the Lowland’s are as wonderful as you hear and I don’t have problems with them staying up in bare legs. I think it’s because they’re so snug everywhere else on your leg, that it’s not JUST the top ties that have to keep them up, you know? If they are in your budget I would definitely say you won’t regret it. I’ve never loved a pair of boots more, and I can honestly say I reach for them about 90% of the time these days when I’m getting dressed, no matter where I”m going. (They’re also INSANELY warm!) Okay sorry for the 8 page essay, but I hope this helps! 
Diana Pearl says  January 31, 2017 at 2:08 pm Every time I see someone wearing these boots, I SWOON. They are just SO beautiful. I’m in love. And I love this dress, too! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Jess says  February 2, 2017 at 11:41 am I know, I’m the same way! I wanted them for YEARS! They’re really do live up to the hype! 
Natalie Was Here says  January 31, 2017 at 2:19 pm I saw this dress at Nordstrom the other day and did a double take. You just convinced me to buy it! SO cute on you! http://nataliewashere.com/ 
Jess says  February 2, 2017 at 11:40 am Yay!! You have to tell me when you post a picture of you in it so I can see how you styled it!  
Kristina Anderson says  January 31, 2017 at 3:32 pm I’m soooo jealous that this dress looks so good on you, I tried it on last week and it made me look like a school marm. Whatever that is.  Kristina does the Internets 
Jess says  February 2, 2017 at 11:39 am Kristina, I TOTALLY know what you mean!! I thought the exact thing when I saw it on the hanger and was like “hmmm, this could go one of two ways :-P” If it were longer on me, I would def look like a school marm, too. It’s all about the length when there’s no skin showing on top! 
Devon says  February 1, 2017 at 12:42 am Loving this cute print!! That dress is adorable on you! xo Devon  Seventeen Dresses  
Jess says  February 2, 2017 at 11:39 am Thanks Devon!! 
Britney says  February 1, 2017 at 7:51 am Love this outfit on you, Jess! So cute with the polka dots! 
Jess says  February 2, 2017 at 11:39 am Thanks Britney! I can’t resist a good polka dot  
Colleen Dwyer says  February 1, 2017 at 2:59 pm Obsessed with your boots! 
Jess says  February 2, 2017 at 11:40 am Thanks Colleen! Me too. It’s kind of a problem. I don’t even take them off when I get inside my house. (Mostly because they’re super warm and my house is ALWAYS freezing–haha!) 
Christina says  February 16, 2017 at 1:01 pm I’ve been wanting to try that place! Cute outfit  Christina | http://www.cuddlepill.com […] sandals for a dinner date with girlfriends or even pairing the dress with over the knee boots (like Jess did!) and wearing it to the office. It’s just one of those dresses that adds a little pep in your […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Turtleneck Sweaters, Heeled Sandals, Red Blouses, Cutout Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 14, 2015   Black pom pom top: c/o Boohoo USA // High-waisted denim shorts: c/o Boohoo USA // White sneakers: Keds // Bag: Lo & Sons // Sunnies: Ray Ban  I think it’s safe to say we enjoyed the hell out of ourselves in Grand Rapids these past few days! Now we’re up by Crystal Lake to celebrate my two good friends Hadley and Mike tying the knot! I actually rented a new camera lens for the trip (the Canon 35mm f/2 that Blair has been raving about!) so we were excited to test it out! It’s not often that Neal shoots my outfits anymore–and it was so much fun getting to work together again! He does such a good job, especially for a guy in Finance, don’t you think!?  We were wandering the streets looking for a good place to shoot, and then spotted this awesome mural and instantly had the same idea!  At one point he suggested I try and balance on the tiny slanted ledge about 4 feet up the wall so we could get a shot of my shoes in front of the graffiti. Being that I am not an athlete (by any stretch of the imagination), I basically had to pull some acrobatic moves and lean the rest of my body on his shoulders, while he got the close up. (See example below!) We got some funny looks from people walking by, to say the least! Anyway, on to the outfit! It’s tough to choose favorites here, because I absolutely adore pretty much everything you see here. I FINALLY found the perfect jean shorts that I’d been searching for–slightly distressed, light wash, high-waisted–thank you Boohoo.com! Also from my friends at Boohoo is this super lightweight pom pom crop top. It’s super thin linen-esque fabric, and perfect for the high humidity and hot temperatures! (Plus, anyone going to North Coast this year? They have the best festival gear!)




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Also worth noting is my new Pearl bag from Lo & Sons has quickly become my best friend, especially when I’m traveling! It has 3 different compartments and holds SO much stuff. Plus, you can adjust or remove the straps to wear it several different ways. But the best part? There’s a little strap you can hook on to your keys so you never lose them! You guys, I lose my keys at least 5 times per day, so I can’t even explain how amazing of a feature this is. It’s also long enough to pull out of your bag and actually use your keys without having to unhook them. If only they had one to hook onto my cell phone. Sorry, this was a lot of rambling about my favorite things–but now, I’m off to celebrate Hadley and Mike!  Make sure to keep up with all the #PureMichigan adventures on Instagram!    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


 Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Brittney says  August 14, 2015 at 9:55 am So cute! Just picturing how many laughs you and Neal must have had – what a great memory maker! Enjoy the wedding! Brittney http://bubblyandbold.ca/ 
Jess says  August 17, 2015 at 10:10 am Hahah I did a poor job of describing it, but it was hilarious for sure  
Kristina Anderson says  August 14, 2015 at 10:04 am That top is so cute, I love the pom poms! Kristina does the Internets 
Jess says  August 17, 2015 at 10:10 am Aw thanks Kristina! I know, I’m all about ANYTHING with pom poms lately! 
Carly says  August 14, 2015 at 10:20 am Sassy crop top! I love your outfit descriptions, you make your outfit posts quirky & fun to read! You da best.
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Jess says  August 17, 2015 at 10:10 am Hahah I’m so glad you think so, my love!! 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  August 14, 2015 at 12:14 pm Very cute! I love the poms! Her Heartland Soul http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Jess says  August 17, 2015 at 10:09 am Thanks Erin!!  They’re one festival-y trend I can totally get behind! 
Megan says  August 18, 2015 at 11:16 am I am in love with that pom pom top and you are the cutest! Don’t you love keds? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Citizens Of Humanity Skinny Jeans, Tan Maxi Dresses, Lariats, Casual White Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 19, 2014   Isn’t that what they say? Well, I’ve never found anything to be more true. Remember when I told you about Vintage Charm a few posts ago? You also might remember them from Liz’s darling post earlier this week. Well, during my trip to the shop, I couldn’t really help but fall in love with, well…everything. And I basically walked out with this entire outfit!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I hate to play favorites, but it might be a tie between the coat, by Sanctuary, and this slinky Free People top. It’s a little bit long too, so it looks just as amazing over some leather leggings as it does tucked into these grey jeans. I’m also envisioning paired with an adorable black tutu skirt for a holiday party (swoon). But the coat? Do I really need to validate its amazingness? I have this problem where I fall in love with beautiful coats that just weren’t meant to be. Reason being, none of them are ever remotely warm enough to last more than 2 minutes outside in the frozen tundra of Chicago. Except for this one. This one is actually really really warm. It was fate. Whatever your holiday shopping list looks like, whether it’s the perfect party dress, this amazing leopard coat, or some adorable holiday decor, stop by Vintage Charm in Bucktown (1735 N. Damen) for their Holiday Open House tomorrow night from 7-9pm. They’re offering 20% off the entire store! I’ll be there, along with Kelly and Noodle! Will we see you there?     Photos by Kelly Larkin Thanks to Vintage Charm for sponsoring this post. All opinions are my own. Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Maxi Dresses With Sleeves, White Jeans, Off White Lace Dresses, Leather Watches and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 11, 2017   **Press play to watch the video!** Dress: Leith (comes in black, light pink, and lavender too!) If you’re looking for more t-shirt dresses, I also love this ruffle sleeved tee dress (only $39!) that I wore here! Booties: 1.State (only $99!) Also love this pair and this pair, Scarf: old, but similar here, here and here, Trench coat: London Fog (they also make a similar one here and here!) Bag: Rebecca Minkoff’s ‘Love’ bag –my exact version in olive is no longer available, but this one is nearly identical, just slightly larger! Happy Wednesday! We are halfway through the week already! Wahoo! (Also, I’ve got a new VIDEO for you today!) Be sure to comment and let me know how you like it and if you think I should keep doing more video! (And specifically, what you like about video, that would be so amazing!) How has your week been so far? Mine has been productive and busy–I actually went to THREE different birthday dinners for three different friends last night–haha! (But really, what was in the water 9 months ago??) I’m still waddling around from Orange Theory earlier in the week but I’m trying to get back in at least three times per week these days. Anyway, I’m feeling a litttlee weird about this trend of me continuing to post about fall when it’s 80 degrees outside.  I’ve been sweating in my booties for weeks now, but I’m continuing to wear them regardless of what the weatherman says because IT’S SUPPOSED TO BE FALL. However, because many of you are NOT living in this Midwestern sweatbox we call Chicago, I suppose I’ll carry on–for you, and also in the hopes that one day soon I will be able to wear my fall favorites without overheating. SO. Let’s get into it, shall we? Because there are some reaaaallyy great things I’ve got to show you today!      This dress has actually come back in stock several seasons in a row and has gained a secret underground cult following. Last Fall I was in St. Louis for my best friend’s wedding (hiii Smith!) and the bridesmaids were all at lunch and one said to the other, “OMG is that the Leith dress??” and then they all started babbling, “OMG I HAVE THAT TOO–IT’S MAGIC!!” I decided I needed to check it out for myself, and purchased it last winter. It’s not only insanely comfortable, but it’s so dang flattering! It’s ruched on the sides so it’s form fitting without being tight. (Nothing like the skin tight spandex American Apparel dresses I used to squeeze myself into in my college years. RIP sausage dresses.) It’s short enough to wear with OTK boots but also not so short that you couldn’t wear it to work. It also looks adorable with sneakers. (You can see how I styled it with sneakers last spring here!) Ever since, I swear every time I wear the dress, I have at least one person comment, “oh my gosh, I have that too–it’s my favorite dress!” Last bit of gushing: It’s $59. ? BOOM!   You probably remember these booties from their debut as an item in this month’s Capsule Wardrobe Remix series! They won a coveted spot because they are so darn versatile, and also–the comfiest heeled booties ever! I wear them to dinner walking around our neighborhood and they haven’t given me one blister. (Very impressive.) These in particular are by 1.State, and are only $99! I love that they have the cutout feature in the back, and I love the perforated suede because it’s a nice mixup from regular leather. I don’t usually buy a lot of tan, but I actually have found that the color of these booties makes them super versatile–they’re If you’re looking for something with a lower heel, you should check out the Sam Edelman Petty Chelsea Booties. These are one of my absolute favorites and are sooo comfortable, too! (Kelly owns them in–I kid you not–4 different colors. Maybe 5?) I have these Sarto booties that I really love as well that come in tons of colors!   Anotherrrr item that scored a spot in this month’s Capsule Wardrobe Remix series! (You’ll see how I styled it over the next few posts in the series!) When it comes to versatile, transitional outerwear, this classic trench coat really can’t be beat. It’s made by London Fog and is really as wonderful as it looks. If you can’t splurge on a Burberry trench, this is definitely a very close second! It has a detachable hood, a removable liner (for when you need the warmth) and the most beautiful, classic design.    I mean…if you aren’t wearing a plaid scarf, is it even a fall outfit? This one is super old, but I’m listing a few of my recent favorites here: Favorite plaid scarves for fall:    Where to buy more favorites? Nordstrom is always getting new fall items in–you’ll find me stalking their website daily–especially the new trendy arrivals. They have a huge range of prices and the shipping is always free both ways! Did you know you can also shop online and then pick up your purchase in store if you don’t want to wait? That’s one of my go-to moves. ? If you’re in the shopping mood, here are some more of my recent Fall favorites:    Big thanks to Nordstrom, one of my favorite retailers, for sponsoring this post!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
paisleigh telford says  October 11, 2017 at 9:10 am I’m honestly loving the videos! I especially liked your sneak peak into the fall capsule wardrobe one because it gave quick and easy inspiration to some fall pieces. Sometimes when I look at pictures I can get overwhelmed at all my options so the video summarized the capsule super well for me. I even tried out some of the variations of the black t shirt dress this past weekend! Another plus to video is that they give movement to an outfit. I know for me personally I might love the way an outfit looks in a picture but when I actually start doing things in it it turns out its not practical or just plain not as cute as It was when I took my selfie  Loving the content lately, definitely brightens up my days in the office! 
Jess says  October 11, 2017 at 9:21 am Aw thank you Paisleigh! This makes me so happy to hear! Also, can I just say, I LOVE your name. A+ to your parents! (Way cooler than boring “Jessica” :-P) 
Kelly Lynn says  October 11, 2017 at 11:46 am I just purchased one of your favorite scarfs – It’s AMAZING! It’ll be my staple all fall. It’s the tan-multi oblong scarf  – best color combo ever. 
Diana Pearl says  October 11, 2017 at 4:55 pm Right there with you on wishing for fall! It’s so hot in NYC too!  x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Dr. Golden Axe says  October 13, 2017 at 1:58 pm Your scarfs are adorable
Can we get these with amazon?
Via sipofwellness.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sam Edelman Flats, Tan Wedges Heels, Gold Lariat Necklaces, Gold Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 12, 2019    I was so excited about this sweater (it was on my Top 20 list this year!) because last year’s Leith wrap sweater was one of my favorites and was my #1 bestseller, but alas, it is not so this year. It’s cute and a versatile staple, but not something to write home about.  I was realllyyy hoping these were going to be the same kind of denim as my other pair of Rag & Bones, but they aren’t. They aren’t super comfortable, they run SUPER small (I went up a whole size and they were still tight) and despite being mid-rise, they felt very low rise to me. All in all, not my cup of tea.   WOW you guys, I’ve never owned AG jeans before–I kind of have a few denim brands I love and that’s what I stick to, but I was running my hand over the display of jeans (as one does) and the instant I felt these I was floored. They are so soft–they’re almost like cotton or something. They’re high rise, with a raw hem and a slit at the ankle. I think they are absolutely fantastic. They run TTS and I got a size 25–these definitely came home with me!   Wubby Fleece was my #1 most worn item of the winter last year, and now they came out with new colors! (But they have the OG grey color if that’s more your speed!) Update: The one I got isn’t lined like the grey one was last year, so it’s not AS hot (it could get REALLYY hot) so if you were hung up on that aspect, wanted to call that out. Also, since it’s unlined, the fleece material is right against your skin so it makes it sooo soft. Runs HUGE. Wearing a small here.   You know me. Another day, another slinky camisole. I had to get this in leopard. All occasions, all seasons–this comes in lot’s of colors and will be an amazing staple for you. Wearing a small here but XS would’ve worked too.   There is a ton of reaallyy good cashmere on sale, and this Halogen cashmere/wool blend cardigan is definitely a really big hit. It’s kind of like a sweater and a coat had a baby. I actually wanted it in the burnt orange color but they didn’t have it. I think I’ll order the burnt orange one too! Wearing a small here but could’ve gone with XS as well.   This was so cute online and made me look like a Kleenex box. But also if you like boxy sweaters this will totally be your jam.   UGHHH I was so sad they didn’t have XS in store! The one I’m wearing here is a small.  I was obsessed with this sweater. It runs HUGE. I definitely would want it in multiple colors if they’d had my size, but I’ll be ordering this online in an XS for sure!   Wow wow wow. I’ve been wanting a fun statement blazer that I can wear now and later–I love the Veronica Beard ones but I just can’t convince myself to splurge on them–so when I saw this Topshop one as part of the sale, I snapped it up! I’m wearing a US 4 here and I’d say it fits like a regular small. Topshop runs pretty small in general!   (These jeans are also the AG Farah’s linked above, BTW! Shout out to our friend Matt for being my IG boyfriend while Neal was taking a nap and he shot this for me )  I LOVE these booties! I actually have a Dolce Vita pair that looks EXACTLY like this that I’ve had for years–and they’re on their last legs. It’s so hard to find a bootie that is a low-ish heel, with a slightly pointed toe, that is the perfect neutral color, and that doesn’t come up too high or too low. These are them–and they are such a good price! They run TTS and are very comfy!  Treasure & Bond is one of my favorite Nordstrom brands, and when I saw this backpack I really hoped it would be as awesome in person as it looked online! I was so excited to see it in store. I got the olive color but they also have black. It would be ideal for travel because it’s convertible, can fit all your essentials (can totally hold a DSLR camera too) but isn’t so bulky that you won’t want to carry it around all day!  They have so many good cashmere essentials part of the sale–I stood in the store for like 20 minutes trying to choose between all of them, but eventually decided on this plaid wrap because it’s super lightweight, so versatile–can be a scarf or a wrap/poncho, and be worn so many ways.  Hope this was helpful! Okay I’m off to more wedding festivities–Love you guys!!  Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Chokers, White Pj Sets, Printed Sweaters, Black Pumps Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 2, 2017   Are you one of those people who surveys your closet in the morning, considers getting creative with their outfit for about 5 seconds, and then gives up and reaches for the same shirt and jeans combination? Me too. We’re all creatures of habit, right? It’s so easy to fall into the same routine. I’m the first to admit, I can be a serial outfit repeater. When I find something I love, I like to repeat it over and over and over. It seems like this happens more often than not when it comes to jeans. You know, you have a few select things you associate your jeans with and that’s what you fall back on every time. For example, this winter I wore this black turtleneck and these jeans like EVERY time we went out to dinner. Neal finally reached his breaking point and blurted out, “Do you own ANYTHING else other than that damn turtleneck!?!”) Seriously though. The struggle is real, so if you’re ever a loss when it comes to getting dressed in the morning, here are my 9 favorite cute outfits with jeans! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Get the look:   See full blog post here  I love a great blazer–but theres’s something about this white linen one that always looks so polished. No matter what I pair it with, I always feel a little Jackie Kennedy, which is essentially the look I’m secretly always going for. Because it’s such a classic piece, it’s fun to mix it with jeans that are a little more on the distressed side, to keep it from looking overly formal or too preppy. The jeans you see here are Madewell from a few years back, but this is the new version that is nearly identical.  Get the look:   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Original blog post here  Rainy days don’t have to mean dressing “blah.” One of my go-to ways to combat rainy day blues is to actually wear a cute outfit. I find that it’s really easy to do this by wearing white jeans with rain boots. It makes your outfit look so much brighter and more crisp–even when the weather is dreary! I reach for my white high-waisted Levi 721 jeans most often, but if you like J.Brand, their White Maria Jeans are great too! They’re super soft and have a lot of stretch in them.  Get the look:   Original post here The slip tank + jeans is one of my top 5 most worn outfits year-round. Depending on the weather, just add or subtract layers, and swap out your shoes! Here I’m wearing Levi’s 711 jeans–which are mid-rise and slightly distressed. Right now, they’re also on major sale! Blair has this pair which is really similar that she always raves about, too!  Get the look:   Original post here White on white is one of the most refreshing combinations–people are often scared of too much white, but I think it looks so crisp and feminine! Another variation of this look that I wear all the time–white jeans with my white silk blouse (see it below) or a white oversized oxford.  Get the look:   Original post here OMG can we talk about how short my hair is here!? HA! Throwback! Despite this photo being snapped years ago, I still wear this combination over and over. There’s something about classic skinnies cuffed at the ankle, paired with classic loafers. It’s a combination that will never go out of style!  Get the look:   Original post here This is hands down my most flattering pair of jeans. They’re super dark blackish-blue and high-waisted, so they make your waist look extra tiny and your legs extra long! I wear them everywhere and with everything!  Get the look:   Original post here I wore a variation of this outfit on our trip to Paris almost daily. Who am I kidding–I wear this EXACT outfit almost daily. Blue skinny jeans, a button down, and a neck scarf is the perfect way to achieve the whole “perfectly undone” French-girl vibe.  Get the look:   Original post here In the summer, this is one of my favorite date-night looks! Espadrille wedges are the perfect combo of comfy and dressy, and white jeans pair perfectly with your favorite floral top!  Get the look:   Original post here Okay, I don’t know what the literal definition of “mom jeans” is, but I call these my “mom jeans” because I swear my mom had this exact pair when I was growing up. Pretty funny how trends come full circle, right? And then I told her she needed to be cooler and switch to flared jeans. (Ugh. Teenagers. Sorry, mom. Wish you had saved me those old jeans!) Anyway, these are on sale right now at Anthropologie and I don’t often find them online in this exact wash, so snap ’em up while you can! Right now with this in-between spring weather, I love wearing mine with my favorite light sweater, leather jacket, and white sneakers!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Diana Pearl says  May 2, 2017 at 9:44 am I totally do this too! Jeans + button down + loafers is my go-to look. Love all of these! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Jessi Afshin says  May 2, 2017 at 12:49 pm Loving all of this denim! You can’t go wrong with a chic pair of distressed jeans. And white jeans for spring are always a must! xoxo
Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gowns For Sale, Off White Lace Dresses, Red Bikinis, Printed Sweaters and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 13, 2018   Pumps: Sam Edelman (comes in 16 colors/patterns!), Earrings: Old Kendra Scott (Their Wedding jewelry line has beautiful similar styles!) **Please excuse the Christmas background–these are old photos! I was going to re-shoot the dress so the background was current, but then figured that was ridiculous and you guys wouldn’t mind bc you’re the best, right?! Above: My favorite dress that was my go-to for weddings and holiday parties last season is back in stock here (this color is no longer available, but it comes in black, navy, hunter green and white!) and is perfect for this wedding season! (Side note- if you want to snag this dress in a summery hue for warm-weather occasions, it’s half off in three dreamy colors right now!  I can’t believe we’re officially in Fall wedding season! I’ve received questions from several of you asking for fall wedding guest attire ideas, so I’ve updated my seasonal wedding wear guide to reflect all my favorite picks for fall — along with some advice on wedding attire guidelines, if you missed them the first time around! These days, I feel like the “seasonally appropriate” lines have been blurred. For example, you can still wear florals, polka dots, bold prints and lace in the colder months — they just need to have more of a “fall undertone.” Instead of bright florals, go for dark, moody floral. Instead of pastel lace, go for a dark burgundy or emerald lace. In lieu of hot pink, opt for dusty rose. Make sense? Personally, I think as long as something doesn’t scream “AHHHH SUMMMERRRRR!” then you’re fine! Take the dress I’m wearing above — it’s lace, but it works because it’s such a fall/winter hue. I wore it to holiday events and a winter wedding! (It sold out fast so I’m so glad they re-stocked it this year! It’s SO flattering! Heads up: it is quite small in the ribcage, so size up if you’re on the fence.)  Shop cocktail dresses + jumpsuits: More of my favorite black tie/black tie optional dresses below: One thing to note is that if the wedding is during the day, you can get away with dressing a little less formal than if it were at night. Also consider the setting — while a barn, backyard, garden, glitzy hotel and country club wedding might all suggest “cocktail” attire, for example, you can easily feel great wearing a more casual floral dress to one, whereas you’ll probably feel underdressed wearing that to a swanky hotel downtown. Also, it’s always a good idea to bring a wrap like this one just in case it gets chilly!  You will rarely see me at a fall/winter wedding not wearing a pair of nude or black heels — 9 times out of 10, they’re the most ideal choice! Invest in one good pair that you’ll wear all wedding season long for years to come. I’m including my favorites below! And we can’t forget the age old question: Can you wear flats to a wedding? Of course you can! I prefer flats with a pointer toe, as I think they’re more dressy and refined. You can even go with some beaded or sparkly flats if that’s your style! Check out my picks below! A trusty pashmina comes in handy whether you’re under the stars at an autumn barn wedding or in a chilly hotel ballroom. Plus, it’s nice to have something to cover your shoulders for a church ceremony if you’re wearing a strapless or thin-strapped dress! You always want to decide which elements of your outfit are the star of the show. Are you wearing a simple black dress? You can go bolder with a statement earring. Do you have a beautiful dramatic gown? Go with a simple pair of studs. Are your shoes doing the talking? Go simple everywhere else. Throw in too many dramatic elements, and it can go south really quickly! Regardless of which direction you go with, I’m adding some of my favorites below! Just like jewelry, I am in the camp of “less is more” with a handbag. A neutral colored clutch and a black clutch is all you need! Don’t feel like you have to go crazy! Honestly, I prefer beaded vintage clutches (find some in your favorite vintage store!), but I’ve listed some beautiful ones below too!   Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Style 101  
Jane Davidson | Typically Jane says  September 13, 2018 at 4:36 pm This is such a good and comprehensive list! I absolutely love the dress you have on and that color is gorgeous! 
Elizabeth says  September 13, 2018 at 6:57 pm This is great! It couldn’t have come at a more perfect time either since I’m shopping for a black tie wedding this weekend. I love how you shared so many good options that will work well for various body types. Thanks for sharing! 
Rima says  September 20, 2018 at 2:05 am I can’t help admiring the dress that you are wearing in the photos. What a lovely dress and an amazing photoshoot Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pumps Shoes, Sundresses, Lace Up Dresses, Camis And Tanks and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 24, 2014   I remember it vividly. It was early Sunday morning (or was it Saturday night?) My alarm went off around 4am. I immediately swiped the laptop off my nightstand- yes! Perfect timing! 5 short minutes later I was the proud owner of four items from the Phillip Lim for Target collection. And I got everything- and I mean everything I wanted. This dress was the first item on the list. You will know how big of a feat that is if you remember the Missoni for Target launch of 2011- complete chaos (woof).  After all that work I went through, I have to admit — this shoot is the first time I have ever put on this dress. What took me so long? I don’t really know, but I was never really happy with it until I threw it on over this striped t-shirt dress that I wear literally every week (I’m not even kidding- serious repeat outfit offender).  Yes, it’s last season. You caught me. But floral prints will never go out of style for spring- and I’m loving the oriental florals in particular. I’ve fallen for several similar new pieces from Asos in particular (shop them below!) In my opinion, you can’t go wrong with a floral/stripe print combo. Oh, and happy Monday!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
         Shop Prints Charming:   Filed Under: Style  
Everygoodthingblog by Melissa says  February 24, 2014 at 9:43 pm You are the cutest Jess, love this look and the mix of prints! I give you major props too for being bare-legged in this cold weather, too. You are rockin it girl! 
jess keys says  February 24, 2014 at 11:20 pm Thanks so much, Melissa! Haha I’ve become numb to the cold…literally  Hopefully it warms up soon! 
Manda T. says  February 25, 2014 at 4:28 pm Loving the mixed prints! And you had awesome luck with that sale, seriously!  xo, Mandahttp://www.iceonthegold.com 
Sarah-Louise B says  March 2, 2014 at 3:46 am Oh my word Jess this outfit is gorgeous, I LOVE the oriental print dress – stunning! Saving to pin  http://www.notlikethemoviesblog.com 
jess keys says  March 10, 2014 at 3:38 am Thanks lady!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Bralettes, Black And Gold Jewelry, Tan Slides, Candles and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 15, 2019   OKAY FRIENDS.  You are in for a wild blazer themed ride today–you asked, so you shall receive: 9 different ways to style your favorite blazer!  The plaid blazer, in particular, is one of my favorite staples for fall and winter. It’s classic and trendy at the same–you can dress it up, dress it down, wear it to the office, wear it on Saturday night–it’s one of the most versatile items you can buy, so if you’ve been looking for ways different to wear it, you are in the right place.  Let’s jump in, yes!?  Here, I’ll be styling Everlane’s oversized plaid blazer–you saw it first (and a couple of the outfits featured here) in my last Everlane capsule wardrobe! This cute version from Loft is also really similar and comes in petite, plus, and tall! This version from Old Navy is also super similar for only $45!  Fit: The Everlane blazer I’m styling has an oversized fit (I’m wearing a 0–which is the size I wear in looser-fitting blazers, but not tight fitting blazers–I usually wear a 2 in those because I have broad shoulders.) If you’re in between sizes, I’d probably go with the smaller size.  This blazer became an instant bestseller the first time I featured it, for very good reason–it’s a damn good wardrobe staple! It also comes in different colors if this grey subtle plaid isn’t your jam. Before we get into how to style it, let’s back up and talk about the major kinds of blazers out there right now.  First, I thought it was important to cover a couple different styles of blazers here, because I often get questions on “which one is better”–the answer is–there is no right answer. It’s all about what you are drawn to! Here are some basics:  Okay, so blazers are typically single-breasted or double-breasted. I don’t think there is a right or wrong style to choose here–single-breasted just means there is ONE set of buttons. Again, the blazer I’m styling in this post is Everlane’s oversized single-breasted blazer.  In contrast, a double-breasted blazer is a blazer with TWO sets of buttons–a set on each side. For example–this double-breasted blazer that Everlane just came out with. (I’m IN LOVE–don’t worry, I’m ordering it so I will do a follow-up styling session with that blazer!)  And then there are the following subcategories. You can have a single-breasted or double-breasted blazer in either category:  If you like a more classic/preppy look, you may want to go with a more tailored blazer, which tends to hit close to the hip and is more form-fitting. You’ll see an example of that kind of blazer in this post. J.Crew’s Regent Blazer, for example, is an excellent well-known blazer I would define as “classic tailored.”  Then we have a boyfriend blazer, which is what I’ll be styling here today! This is traditionally longer and looser in cut, and definitely more “trendy” vs. a fitted blazer. I would say a boyfriend blazer is more versatile with the ability to go from casual to dressy, day to night, whereas a classic blazer would look stuffy and out of place at say, a dive bar or on a date–a boyfriend blazer, on the other hand, paired with the right accessories would look right at home. It’s not so trendy though as to say that it will be out of style next season–you will definitely get a lot of wear out of this for years to come!  Shop more favorite plaid blazers:   Cotton crewneck tee (TTS, wearing small),Oversized Plaid Blazer (Oversized fit, wearing 0), Corduroy Skirt (runs TTS–wearing 0) ,Re-Knit Boot I would wear this outfit pretty much anywhere! This outfit really represents two of my go-to blazer combos in one: 1. A plaid blazer + a mini skirt and/or 2. A plaid blazer and a white tee! Both foolproof outfit combos! I especially love that the skirt is short but not TOO short, so you can wear it day or night. This is a great example of my Juxtaposition trick–AKA the foolproof method to building an interesting outfit! Also, these booties make EVERYTHING look stylish and sophisticated. They’re the most comfortable booties ever–super stretchy (so they’re easy to get on over your ankle) and the heel is low and chunky, so you can walk forever in them! My favorite part is how they fit snug and high on the ankle for an unbeatably chic look.   Cotton crewneck tee (TTS, wearing small), Cheeky Straight Jean, Oversized Plaid Blazer, Editor Heel  Same tee, same blazer, TOTALLY different feel, right!?  A simple crewneck tee + a classic jean + black pumps = one of favorite outfit combinations any time of the year. It’s timeless, it’s classic, it’s polished, and the shoes even make it a little bit sexy–add a blazer though, and it brings it to a whole different level! I would wear this anywhere from the office (I would’ve worn this to a client meeting when I worked in advertising!) to a date night.   Washable Silk Blouse (TTS, wearing size 2),Corduroy Skirt (TTS, wearing 0), Oversized Plaid Blazer (Runs oversized, wearing 0), Corduroy Skirt (TTS), Re-Knit Boot (TTS) I love this silk blouse so much I got it in two colors (the other one is the off-white!) It’s SILK and WASHABLE! (Two words that don’t often go together!) And if you’ve had a hard time dealing with silk shirts that are too sheer, you’re in luck, because these aren’t remotely see through! They are fantastic tops for layering under your favorite blazer!  Here I paired it with Everlane’s adorable corduroy mini, which is a great seasonal twist on a summery white mini–plus their incredible knit sock booties, which are SO comfortable and chic looking! Can’t recommend them enough! This outfit is a great one that you can easily transition from day to night, too! (It would also look so cute with sneakers!)   Oversized Plaid Blazer, Similar striped tee, Everlane Modern Stretch Cigarette Ankle jeans(wearing my normal size–but if you’re in between, you may want to go up a size unless you want them super tight!) Tretorn Sneakers (run TTS)  I love a blazer paired with jeans and sneakers! It’s the perfect high-low mix! We all know (as referenced above obvi) that a blazer and a tee are a match made in heaven–but a PLAID blazer paired with a STRIPED tee is real magic (mixing patterns always for the win! ) Pattern mixing tip: Alternate patterns of different scales and levels of business. This works because the plaid pattern is much bigger and more subtle, and the stripes are smaller/busier/bolder!  Let’s also talk about these jeans for a second. They are BEST jeans that are a true black–they can easily be dressed up for work, and they hug every curve like a glove! They basically fit just like a skinny jean except for right at the end, when the leg stays straight instead of tapering in, so just like I say with the Cheeky jeans (below) they’re a great “starter jean” for someone trying to break out of the skinny jean rut!   Waffle Knit Henley (TTS), Cheeky Straight Jean (runs TTS, wearing 25), Oversized Plaid Blazer, Re-Knit Boot (TTS) Old scarf Want to be comfy and casual but still professional? Try this outfit combo! This would work great with any tee, not just a long sleeve henley, but I love how this one adds a pop of color! These jeans and booties are made for each other–why? Because the jeans are the perfect cut (a straighter fit through the calf + cropped) and the booties are snug and cut a bit higher–above the ankle, so they still give you a pretty ankle line while–ding ding ding, KEEPING YOUR ANKLES WARM!! (Big bonus when it gets super cold out!) I also love the wash–it’s called the “indigo” wash–not TOO light blue, not too dark!  I always say their Cheeky Straight jeans are great “starter jeans” when you’re looking to branch out from the classic skinny jeans without going too overly trendy with a mom jean or wide leg jean!  On another note, a little neck scarf is the perfect accessory for a blazer–it adds a little extra dose of femininity while being super polished and chic! (See how to tie a short neck scarf here, and how to tie a longer neck scarf here!)   Oversized Plaid Blazer, Femme Next Door Tee (my friend Juley’s company! She’ll be putting them up for sale soon, so stay tuned!) but in the meantime, I love J.Crew’s and Sezane’s graphic tees! Topshop green croc mini skirt (runs small–wish I’d sized up to a 4!) Stewart Weitzman Lowland boots–also available at Shopbop–run TTS! (Blondo makes my other OTK fave–budget-friendly and waterproof!) Another blazer, mini skirt and tee combination–but a completely different look than the one above, am I right? This one is definitely more on-trend with a little bit of edge! It’s a great outfit that can really be worn anywhere from brunch with the girls to drinks on Saturday night. (It would also look adorable with sneakers or loafers, too!)   Oversized Plaid Blazer, Everlane Straight Leg Crops(TTS–wearing 0),Femme Next Door Tee (my friend Juley’s company! She’ll be putting them up for sale soon, so stay tuned!) but in the meantime, I love J.Crew’s and Sezane’s graphic tees! Sam Edelman Cap Toe Pumps (run big, go 1/2 size down!)  Same tee, same blazer–but HOW different are these two outfits!? These straight-leg crops from Everlane have definitely won the “most worn pair of pants” award over the past month or so. Boyfriend jeans or straight-leg jeans could easily be swapped in for this look as well, but I think these pants, in particular, elevate the outfit a bit and make it look a lot nicer–something you could totally wear to work or even a daytime date. I love the head to toe neutral with the blazer being the pop of subtle pattern that really brings it all together!   Oversized Plaid Blazer, White button down (this one is a J.Crew Men’s small so it’s oversized!) Halogen cropped pants (size 0, run TTS!) Everlane Day Tote, Nordstrom booties (TTS–these are last year’s style so there are a few sizes left, but this year’s fully stocked version is nearly identical!)  I definitely wanted to include one cold-weather work outfit in here, and I can’t recommend everything in this look enough! First, the blazer is obviously a staple to wear to the office, and if you want to spice things up, pair it with some fashion-forward cropped work pants, like this pair from Halogen! (This pair from J.Crew is super similar as well!)  I often get asked “how do I wear cropped pants in the winter without freezing my ankles?!” and the answer is SOCK BOOTIES! The Everlane version I’m wearing above would also work great here, but I also love Vagabond sock booties from Nordstrom if you’re wanting something a little edgier!   Oversized Plaid Blazer, White button down (this one is a J.Crew Men’s small so it’s oversized!) Spanx Leggings (I wear Small, size up if you’re in between!) Gucci Brixton Loafers (Sam Edelman makes my fave budget-friendly dupe!), Camel Beret  Last, but not least–I had to include at least one outfit with leather leggings, yes? I LIVE in these during the winter, and I especially love them with an oversized white button-down! (Same one I’m wearing in the outfit above!) It’s crazy how differently you can style two classic items, right? Here, I’ve just swapped up the pants and shoes, and added a beret! It’s a combination that is classic, with a fashion-forward twist!  This post contains affiliate links, so I receive a small commission if you make a purchase through my link! Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Cocktail Dresses, High Heeled Pumps, Black Wedge Shoes, Denim Jean Skirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 26, 2019   This post brought to you in partnership with Nordstrom and Shopstyle  Dress: Leith – only $69 and also comes in another color/pattern and in Plus size as well! I’m wearing XS–it runs TTS! (Totally looks like the more expensive Reformation version!) This one is also similar in a beautiful light blue (and minus the slit!) I also love this Madewell one! Heels: Halogen (under $100!) Jean jacket: J.Crew–runs TTS. Wearing small! Sneakers: Tretorn— SO comfy, run TTS. These are similar too! (I also love these sneakers that are leather vs. canvas, so they’re easier to keep clean!)  A fun Spring post coming at you today! (I’m so excited about all the springy content I’ve shot in the past two weeks! ??It gives us something to look forward to, right? ?) The perks of traveling to Arizona in February–I can shoot spring outfits without the risk of frostbite! ? Remember the dress I posted in this Instagram last week? Today, I’m teaming up with Nordstrom to style it TWO more ways with some of my favorite shoes that will be go-to’s this Spring! As you know, Nordstrom has been one of my favorite retailers since I was old enough to shop–(my earliest shopping memory is hiding in the racks while my mom shopped). ?They have so many cute shoes right now, so I’m highlighting a few of my favorite picks I think will be great additions to your spring wardrobe, if you’re in the market!  But…let’s back up and talk about the dress first, and then we’ll get to the shoes, yeah? ? For starters, it totally looks like Reformation (a brand I love, but is double the price!) but it’s actually made by Leith–which is definitely one of my top 5 favorite brands–only available at Nordstrom! They make feminine pieces that strike the perfect balance of “on-trend but not too trendy.” Plus, their price points are ?? I love this dress for several reasons: Despite being a fun punchy color, it’s still very versatile! The cut is modest with a slit for a little zazz–without being TOO high. I also think the midi length makes it great for girls of all heights–it will look just as cute as a longer dress on shorter girls or cut a little higher on taller ladies. (I’m 5’6, for height reference!) Also, it’s a dress you can wear now and later. You can totally pair it with closed toed shoes like booties or sneakers (like the second look below!) right now, and swap for sandals like the ones I’m wearing here in this first look when it’s warmer!  Dress sizing: I’m wearing an XS here which is typically what I wear in dresses. It fit perfectly! It also has a cute keyhole back, but it’s not too low that you can’t wear a normal bra, which is a HUGE PLUS!   OKAY GUYS.  If you’re going to buy one pair of spring heels that you want to be super comfortable and wearable with EVERYTHING in your closet––these are them! They’re only $99, and made by Halogen, which is another one of my favorite Nordstrom brands. This is actually my first pair of Halogen shoes (I own a lot of Halogen clothes though!) and they do not disappoint.  From dresses to jeans, these are a pair of shoes you’ll reach for every time you want to put on a pair of heels. I love the perforated detail that adds a little something extra to your outfit, and they are made of the softest nubuck leather that doesn’t rub at ALL. (You know a lot of sandals are made of that stiff leather that totally digs into your toes? These are not like that at all!)  Shop more Halogen shoes here–they all have amazing reviews!      The combo of a dress + sneakers is one of my go-to’s whenever I want to look feminine but I know I’ll be walking a lot. (I.E. Especially when I’m traveling in Europe!) I think you really need the perfect sneaker in order to make this look intentional and not like you’re just wearing your commuter shoes on the subway and planning to change when you get wherever you’re going. ? The key: You want a classic white sneaker that isn’t too sporty or chunky. These Tretorns are perfect for that! I got them to replace my Jack Purcells that I’ve had for years and are getting pretty dingy looking. The thing I love about the Tretorns is that they don’t require any break-in (at least for me!) whereas while I LOVE Jack Purcells and still highly recommend them, they definitely require a break-in period where they rub you in certain places.  Add a jean jacket: For a little added warmth and to play up the casual look even further, you can add a jean jacket! This one by J.Crew and I highly recommend it–it definitely is a more classic vs edgy jean jacket, which I prefer. (Nordstrom has so many styles you can shop right here, too!) If you don’t have a jean jacket, a leather jacket would work just as nicely here!     Want more spring shoe reccos? Keep scrolling below for more shoe picks!   Featured pick: Halogen Sandals: $99 There is usually one pair of shoes that I wear 99% of the time during the spring and summer, and these are definitely going to be *that pair* for me this year. These are so versatile, neutral, they go with everything, and best of all–they are VERY comfortable. The material is really soft and doesn’t rub, and the chunky heel makes them very easy to walk in! True to size. Featured pick: Tretorn sneakers: $69  I am in loveee with these new sneakers! They require zero break-in and don’t rub at all. The first time I wore them was traveling, so I was on my feet a lot walking through the airport and zero blisters! ??They’re classic with a bit of a retro feel, and look just as cute with dresses as they do with jeans or shorts. They’re true to size. Treasure & Bond Espadrilles: $79 I almost bought these wedges last year–I’ve been eyeing them forever so perhaps this is the year I shall pull the trigger ?They have a TON of awesome reviews though and are the perfect espadrille. I like that they aren’t SUPER chunky either, so they’re easier to walk in! Something Navy Lily Flats: $99 HOW CUTE ARE THESE!? My new friend Jo-Lynn that I met at the conference in Phoenix last week was wearing these and I basically accosted her and demanded to know where she got them ?They’re part of the new Something Navy collection–she says they’re super comfy too! Perfect for work as well! 1901 Leopard Sandals: $59 (40% off!) I got these shoes last summer and I’m so glad they brought them back! They are so cute and comfy! (See how I styled them here with a blazer and here!) They run true to size. Halogen Woven Mules: $89  I love a good pair of mules, and this pair (also comes in black) is the perfect way to make any outfit springier! Great for TSA because they slip off, and perfect for vacation as well! Soludos Mules: $149  Soludos makes some of the comfiest shoes around, and I love the look of these pretty, classic mules! The low heel makes them wearable for pretty much everything–they come in three colors! Sam Edelman Yaro Heels: $119 These are probably my #1 most worn heel when the weather is warm. (Styled in this post!)  I swear by these heels (they come in tons of colors)–they are probably the comfiest that high heels are going to get. They’re great for formal occasions or with jeans. I think the cork is especially cute and adds a fun textural element to your outfit while still being neutral! Similarly, I also love Steve Madden’s version–called the Carrson. Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Priya sharma says  August 6, 2019 at 6:59 am Very stylish. My favorite is the midi dress. I’m a big fan of dresses and here’s where I got mine, trust me they have good
https://www.peachandpinkstore.com/collection Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Embellished Sandals, Tan Coats, Heel Booties, Blouses On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 11, 2018   Boots: c/o Lord & Taylor–run TTS and also come in black Coat: c/o Lord & Taylor (I’m wearing a 2, but I would suggest sizing up if you want chunky layers underneath!)  Leggings: Hue c/o Lord & Taylor, Sweater: Miss Selfridge c/o Lord & Taylor, Beanie: c/o Lord & Taylor  You guys know me, I always LOVE a good style challenge.  Once we really get into winter, the allure of cozy sweaters and boots can fade quickly. At first it’s fun, and then it’s UGH I have to pull on the SAME old sweaters and those chunky winter boots AGAIN!?  Don’t get me wrong, living in Chicago, those chunky snow boots are necessary and on certain days, there’s really no getting around them, but other days, you just want to pull on something that looks and feels cozy without feeling puffy, frumpy, and boring right!?  That’s where these staples come in ?They’re cozy, yes, but also have a little more ‘zazz than your old run of the mill winter staples.  Right now, everything I’m wearing here is on sale at Lord and Taylor for their Friends and Family Sale (they always have the BEST deals!) but the sale is almost over (and sizes are going quickly!) so you’ll definitely want to snap ’em up now! Almost everything is an extra 30% off!  I’ve already worn these boots several times despite only owning them for a couple of weeks! I have really been on the hunt for cold weather boots that can hold up in a decent amount of snow, but not look like “snow boots”–you know? So I could wear them like, without snow, too! ?I think they’re so cute–I’ve worn them a lot walking outside but also out to dinner a few times too! They’re casual yet still really cute.  I have maybe worn these leggings…8 times in the past 2 weeks? I’m not even kidding. They are the SOFEST leggings I’ve ever worn–they’re lined with this insanely soft fleece-like material that makes them ultra cozy. I also like that they’re seamless, because a lot of times my athletic leggings are my go-to’s, but you can see the seams that make it obvious I’m wearing athletic leggings with regular clothes, and that irks me ?The best part is that they’re on sale for $12.60!  On sale for $36! I love how this sweater is a super soft chunky knit but also has a feminine side–it laces up the back with a pretty satin ribbon–making it an equally great option to wear out at night! (How cute would it look with a mini skirt for a holiday party?!)  This is one of those coats that you definitely plan to be part of your outfit, vs. just being an after thought! I love the toggle fasteners and the faux fur around the hood! (Because I know my Chicago girls will ask, no–just like anything that isn’t a puffer coat–this is not a “winter” coat–it’s something you wear on a warmer winter day and/or when you have a couple layers on and/or when you want to look cute and plan to take cabs/Ubers and don’t plan on walking super far, haha!) Right now it’s on sale for $63!  On sale for $27! This would make the cutest stocking stuffer! I love the furry oversized pom pom–it makes such a girly statement! I’m a big proponent of going to the extra effort of stocking up on a few cute winter hats in different colors. When you integrate your hat and gloves into your outfit and don’t make them an after-thought, you’ll always look much more put together!  We shot these when we were in the suburbs this past weekend to hang out with Neal’s little brother! We took him out to lunch for his birthday and then caught up with my in-law’s for a little while. (Credit goes to my MIL Juj for pointing out this pretty house down the street, haha!) This time of year, the suburbs are a lot prettier than the city, where everything is dead and there are just bare brick buildings everywhere ? Anyway–Shaheen is in town over the next couple of days (SO excited to have my bestie back!!) so I will be doing the crazy “try to get everything on your to-do list done while catching up with friends at the same time” dance. Wish me luck!!!       Thanks to Lord and Taylor for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 100% my own and thank you for supporting the brands that keep this blog going strong  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Hannah says  January 2, 2019 at 10:34 pm Do you have the name of those shoes? They’re no longer available on L&T and hoping to find some similar styles by the same brand! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Maxi Dresses, Red Rompers, White Pj Sets, Slipper Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 21, 2017   Top: B.P. pocket tee (runs oversized, so if you want it more snug, size down) it comes in lot’s of colors, too! // Waffle Knit Cashmere Wrap: Halogen (comes in grey, black, and blue, too! // Jeans: Rag & Bone – only $131 right now! (I love them SOO much! Multiple readers have messaged me saying how they got them too and how much they love them!) They run TTS // Booties: Sarto (come in two other colors! Run TTS but narrow–if you have wide feet definitely go with the wide width!) // Bag: Rebecca Minkoff // Bracelet: c/o Monica Vinader // Initial Necklace: similar here, but this version is less expensive and part of the sale, too! // Hair: curled with a T3 whirl curling wand (my T3 blow dryer that I LOVE is also on sale right now! It makes my hair noticeably more shiny than any other blow dryer!) Happy Friday! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Wahoo! So much to be excited about today: 1. I leave for Milwaukee for my bachelorette party! I am SO spoiled to have the best friends in the entire world who have the whole weekend planned out. Big shout out to my bridesmaid Kate, who is from Milwaukee, for putting together an awesome itinerary and Kate’s parents for letting us take over their condo for the weekend! (We’re actually doing a condo swap, so her parents–who are essentially my second adopted parents–are staying at our place in Chicago for the weekend!) And also to my MOH Tasha for being pregnant and driving ALL THE HOURS from Cincinnati to be here–I love you! On the agenda: dinner at Cafe Benelux tonight, pontoon boating/bar hopping tomorrow (weather permitting, cross your fingers for us!) and my friend Kai (who owns a catering company called littlevent–she’s the best cook I know–if you need a caterer for anything, definitely look into them!) is making dinner on Saturday night, so it’s going to be the perfect low-key bachelorette weekend. 2. The Nordstrom sale is FINALLY public!  YEP. As if you hadn’t heard by now, there’s a Nordstrom Anniversary Sale going on! (Whaaaaaattttt?!) and now EVERYONE can shop it (not just Nordstrom cardholders!) There are so many things to look for during the sale, but one of the biggest areas you’ll want to stock up in are shoes and accessories. Today, I’m rounding up my very favorites (so many budget-friendly buys to be had!) Remember, the items on sale aren’t the picked over remnants of summer, but brand new fall items–so if you want to purchase anything new for your fall wardrobe, now is definitely the time to do it! After the sale, they go back to their original prices! First, we can start with THIS outfit!    Up first: shoes! There are so many awesome fall shoes at amazing markdowns! I’ve been looking for a classic pair of flat ankle booties for a long time now, and I’m so happy that I finally got these Sarto booties! Fun fact: that’s Sarto as in Franco Sarto–also known as my mother’s favorite brand of shoes because they are so comfortable. You have no idea how many times I heard the phrase, “my Franco Sartos” as a little girl. I first saw these online and then started giggling when I saw who made them. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

But, she’s right. They’re SO comfy, chic, and best of all–super affordable, too! They also look adorable paired with my favorite new Rag & Bone skinny jeans. These jeans are the REAL DEAL you guys. I never bought into the Rag & Bone hype before, but now I am drinking the Kool-Aid. Jeans don’t get much more comfortable AND flattering than this pair!  Admittedly, a lot of Rebecca Minkoff’s stuff is a little edgy for me, but I absolutely LOVE her classic crossbody purses! There are a lot of them on sale for under $200!    This wrap is going to be your BEST FRIEND this fall and winter. Not to mention it is the best thing ever for travel. This is essentially the softest, chicest blanket you’ve ever laid eyes on. There are so many different ways to wear it, too! Wrap it over your shoulders, drape it around your neck as a scarf, or even belt it to create a cute poncho! It comes in the prettiest blue color, black, and grey too!  I get so many compliments on my dainty gold Monica Vinader bracelet! It’s so simple and dainty–I usually wear it alone, but it looks super cute layered with other bracelets, too! I love all of her designs. This version is actually called the “Friendship bracelet”–Kelly and I both have them, and we always joke that these are our friendship bracelets, like we made them at camp or something    Nordstrom carries quite a few adorable initial necklaces, but this one in particular is part of the anniversary sale and is a steal at only $44!  If you want the look of the Stuart Weitzman Lowlands–you know, OTK boots that are form-fitting all the way through the calf and over the knee–these Blondo Olivia boots are the ONLY boots I have found that accomplish this at affordable price point! (I must have tried on 30 different pairs before I found these!) I got these last fall and Neal surprised me with the Lowlands for Christmas a couple months later, and I can honestly say I really love both! These are under $200, and they’re waterproof, too! One of the best fall/winter buys you will make!    These Halogen Jacy booties are so cute and will definitely be a fall staple. I love that they’re stretchy so they’re easy to pull on and they look so cute with everything! These run true to size as well, and such a great price! Also come in black.   My favorite white sneakers are on sale in this super light grey color! They still look almost white, but I like that the new color is a fresh new twist on the classic! I find that mine run true to size. (See this outfit post from a few days back here!) Thank you to Nordstrom (one of my favorite retailers!) for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 100% my own.  Photos by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Outfits, Style  
paisleigh telford says  July 21, 2017 at 11:42 am Cafe Benelux is THE BEST. Milwaukee is my absolute favorite city-especially the third ward.  If you’re not shopped out after the Nordstrom Sale, there’s a super cute boutique a block south of the public market that screams “Golden Girl”. Hope you have a BLAST. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes, Red Flats, Black Heels, Maxi Dresses With Sleeves and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 5, 2019  Happy Tuesday guys!  We’re back with another vacation post today ??(I’ve been intentionally spacing out my Mexico posts so we can make them last until it’s ALMOST spring. ?) Granted, it was SO WONDERFUL in Chicago yesterday–seriously–50 degrees!! I walked around in rain boots and didn’t wear a puffer coat! It was GLORIOUS. It reminded me what Spring feels like. Oh, and I went to Red June cafe for the first time in Bucktown to get some work done yesterday. It was SO adorable, the food was great, and they serve Julius Meinl coffee which is one of my faves–I’m tempted to go back today! (Do you ever feel creepy discovering a new place and you want to go back like ALL the time but you’re worried the people who work there will be like “we get it, you’re a stalker…?”)  Today I’m sharing a few of my favorite must-have items for any warm weather vacation. These are pretty much what I lived in during our stay at Unico. (I’ll be doing a review of the resort too–it wasn’t sponsored or anything, but so many of you guys have asked, I figured I’d do a write up on that too!) Long story short–it was fantastic, and I would highly recommend staying there!  Anyway, if you’re planning any vacation somewhere warm and tropical soon, you will DEFINITELY want to bookmark my favorite vacation essentials. (Some are the best Amazon steals EVER!)      I have never spent this much money ($130) on a pair of jeans shorts, but after years of every blogger and their mom (including Shaheen ?) raving about them, I finally gave in. I haven’t been able to find a good pair of cutoffs that weren’t too short for my liking, and these are PERFECT. Plus, I mean, hello. They’re jean shorts. They’ll last forever! They run true to size. I got my normal size–25, and I think they fit perfectly. 10/10 WORTH THE INVESTMENT.  NOTE: I would not normally post a photo of MY BUTT on the internet, but I thought it was necessary to show you how they fit in the back ? One of my favorite cover-ups, I went out on a limb and got these for our honeymoon (you know how hit or miss Amazon clothes can be) but this did not disappoint! Because it’s white, it’s EXTRA fun to wear as a honeymooner, but I’ve worn it several times since, too! ?It reminds me of macrame–I feel like I totally fit in with the Unico vibe. ?It’s cute to wear with a tank and jean shorts too–(like, as a shirt thingy, not just a cover-up!)  Okay, I’m so sad because this was fully stocked in every size and color when I went to Mexico. I linked to it several times while I was there though and I swear you guys sold it out ?(It was one of my top selling items of January!) I’m guessing it will come back in stock (it always has before) so keep your eye on it, but right now it’s only available in red! Wahhh! Red is still really cute though! (This one looks similar, however, and is only $24!!)  Honestly though, this is literally my favorite bathing suit that I own. ? The same look as the super expensive version, but for less than 10 bucks, you can’t beat it. The material also doesn’t squeeze you in the wrong places and create dreaded muffin top. It’s super comfortable. BUT, also, it has zero support, so if you need support, it won’t be the suit for you. Also don’t wear it doing anything active unless you secure it with the optional halter strap. (Learned that one the hard way.) Is it high quality? No. It’s $10!! You get what you pay for, but that’s okay. Still the best Amazon buy ever.  These are my FAVORITE flat sandals (and very inexpensive Hermes dupes ?) They require no break-in, are so comfortable–I walked all over Capri in them this summer. Dress them up, dress them down–honestly, I don’t think you need any other flat sandal ever. Shop all colors here.   The other super cheap cover-up I got for our honeymoon–this one is in black. It’s almost lingerie-like which I think is so pretty–but not so much that it’s over the top! I love the little ribbon/bow detail as well. It also looks really cute worn as a kimono with a black tank–it would be so cute with that over white jeans and wedges for night or worn with jean shorts during the day!  You guys ALWAYS ask about these and I always forget to link them! They’ve been my go-to everyday earrings for awhile now, and I love them so much. I think they’re the perfect thing to wear when you want something subtle but stylish. I wore them every day in Mexico, too! If you only brought one pair of earrings on vacation, I would choose these!   How cute is this hat!? Again, another cheap Amazon find ?But such a good one! The inside is adjustable so it fits all head sizes. (However, make sure to cut off the weird strings–don’t mind them just hanging in front of my face in the above photos ?OOPS.    I actually got two items from this brand called Kos Resort! I hadn’t ever heard of them but I found them on Shopbop. (My favorite part about Shopbop is the free Amazon Prime shipping and the fact that they sell smaller, unique brands I wouldn’t have found otherwise! They are also my go-to for vacation dresses!) It’s so cute, you can totally wear it as a dress IF you were shorter than me. (It barely skims the bottom of my butt, haha–but I’m 5’6!) Runs true to size.  My #1 pair of sunglasses–I rarely wear ANYTHING else. They are my absolute favorites–I get so many questions on them and yes, I would 100% recommend them. They go with everything, they’re such a classic shape, they make every outfit cuter! These come in two sizes, and I have the bigger size–the 53″ pair! I actually wrote an entire post on our favorite pairs of Ray Bans (Neal wears them a ton too!) which you can read right over here!   Okay this isn’t technically a clothing item BUT–everyone needs to get one of these for a hot vacation. ? When we were on our honeymoon, we stayed the first half of our trip at Secrets Puerto Los Cabos, which is an all-inclusive resort (read my write-up here and see our Cabo honeymoon video here! Anyway, we were all-inclusive rookies–so many people had brought their own tumblers with them to keep their drinks super cold in the heat–GENIUS. Before our trip, we both ordered Yeti tumblers so we could be the veterans this time ?I’m one of those people who won’t drink anything if it isn’t ice cold, so this is going to be a game-changer for me! We also got the straw and straw lid to go with them! I also brought my Swzle metal straw set because I love them so much–they come with a little carrying case and a cleaning brush! They’re a local Chicago start-up too! ?? I highly recommend filling your Yeti’s with “Icebergs”–aka half frozen margarita, half Mexican beer. It’s like a marg, but less sweet and acidic. SO GOOD. (Except don’t drink too many of them under the hot sun or you will slip and fall out of your sandals into a bush. Not that that happened.)  More reading: Best books to read on your vacay, the best vacation Maxi dresses  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Meg says  February 5, 2019 at 8:04 am What great amazon finds! I love your straw hat. I bring my Swell water bottle with me everywhere. Lukewarm water freaks me out!
Meg
http://www.deposanddemos.com 
Allie says  February 5, 2019 at 9:02 am We don’t have any vacation plans yet but as soon as the weather warms up I’m going to get the white ones! Also have you seen all the Carrie Forbes dupes our this year? They’re so cute!
xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Elizabeth says  February 5, 2019 at 8:19 pm Love this!! I want everything! Fingers crossed you post your travel guide by mid March because we will be heading that way. xx 
Linda says  February 17, 2019 at 8:28 pm You look stunning and your skin is GLOWING! xoxo Best Wallets for Women and Men 2018 
Ofelia says  February 23, 2019 at 10:47 pm Glad to hear you have been in my country. Hope your vacation were amazing. Im a Ray Bans fan girl too. Greetings from Mexico City. 
Kristin McKee says  March 21, 2019 at 9:46 pm I purchased and love the jean shorts! How do you keep the white threads across the rips from ripping (or the hole itself?) I’m going to try to wash them as little as possible, but the one time I did wash them, the some of the threads did break! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Printed Blouses, Floral Long Dresses, Black Lace Bralettes, Black Cropped Pants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 11, 2018   It’s Christmas in July!! My favorite sale of the year (it’s honestly better than Black Friday!) starts bright and early tomorrow morning–the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale. Which I’m sure, if you follow any other blogs, you have already figured out ? Here’s the thing–the anniversary sale has kind of become like the post Thanksgiving sale madness–it can be really overwhelming. Everywhere you look on social media all you see is “Nordstrom sale this and Nordstrom sale that.” It’s a lot to take in, so I’m not going to highlight every single thing under the sun and tell you that you absolutely need it. I’m here to help you weed through everything in a less stressful manner! The Nordstrom Anniversary sale is the only sale that offers brand new fall arrivals at crazy discounts (we’re talking more than 30% off!) There are no picked-over, almost out of season items–it’s never before seen stuff! When the sale ends in a few weeks, it ALL goes back to full price for the rest of the year, until it’s gone. Obviously, you can see why it’s overwhelming, right? Because you want to buy it all! (Which is why I’m here to help!) That being said… I feel like the comparison game runs high during big sales like this, so please keep this in mind: all the bloggers (myself included) who seem to be buying endless Nordstrom sale items? That’s a big part of how we make our living. This is our job. There is a positive ROI on our clothing purchases! The more clothing we test out for you, the more it helps you make more educated buying decisions and put together outfits that you love–and in turn, we make money. That is how we can afford to make so many purchases. If the items I bought during the sale didn’t have a positive ROI, that would change things. PLEASE keep this in mind and don’t beat yourself up if your budget doesn’t allow you to buy an entirely new fall wardrobe! Everything I will be purchasing and posting about from the sale are items that I love and personally give my stamp of approval on–versatile staples that will help you round out your wardrobe for the upcoming season. Does this mean if you already own a pair of OTK black boots that your pair isn’t good enough and that you need the pair that I’M personally wearing? Absolutely not! Okay. I just feel like that needed to be said. Now that we’ve gotten that out of the way, let’s get to the fun part! Tomorrow starts the “early access” part of the sale–which is often when the best stuff goes–so if you don’t have a Nordstrom card, that’s okay! Actually, you can sign up right here and get approved the Nordstrom Retail Card instantly, which is the card that I have! You can then start shopping immediately, AND you get $40 to put toward any purchase you make the day you’re approved! You also earn 2 points per dollar spent at Nordstrom, so if you shop there frequently, they definitely add up! (Please just like any card, remember to PAY OFF YOUR BILL!!)  The good stuff DOES go fast, however, they re-stock really often–keep your eye on your favorites and check back often! There is still a huge amount of good stuff when the sale goes public. Don’t lose sleep over it, but also, if you CAN, nab the stuff you love first. Also, Nordstrom has free shipping and free returns, so if you’re in doubt, it’s always better to buy more with the intention of returning any sizes/items that don’t work–otherwise, you’ll run the risk of something you want to exchange selling out.  Go through your closet beforehand (tonight, if possible) to figure out what you really truly need and what pieces you’d like to pick up to round out your fall wardrobe. Make a list! This helps give you some guardrails and won’t feel QUITE so overwhelming.  These are items that I’ve pulled from browsing the catalog and I’ve linked to their search page–go through and bookmark the links that you want and if my hypothesis are correct–they SHOULD auto-populate when the sale goes live at 3am EST on the 13th! ? 1. Blondo Nicola Waterproof Knee-High boot: $159 (Regularly $239) 2. Badgley Mischka Camel Wrap Coat: $229 (marked down from $349) 3. ASTR Green Floral Midi Dress:$52 (Regularly $79) 4. Calson Crop Flare Jeans: $51 (Regularly $79) 5. Treasure and Bond Pleated Mini Dress: $78 (Regularly $119) 6. Blondo Nova Waterproof Bootie: $99 (Regularly $149) 7. Halogen Cashmere Wrap: $132 (Regularly $199) 8. Sam Edelman Caprice Knee-High Boots: $149 (marked down from $229) 9. Topshop Long Open-Front Cardi: $49 (Regularly $75) 10. Leith Sleek Knit Midi Dress: $42 (Regularly $65) 11. Madewell Ryder Cardigan: $64 (Regularly $98) 12. Rag and Bone Black Raw Hem Jeans: $129 (Regularly $195) 13. Levi’s 501 High Waisted Crop Jeans: $64 (Regularly $98) 14. Halogen Ruffle Neck Sweater: $49 (Regularly $79) 15. Halogen Long Sleeve Cashmere Cardigan: $199 (marked down from $299) 16. J.Crew Olga Wool Top Coat: $184 (Regularly $278) Anddd a few other favorites (that couldn’t fit in the collage!)  Madewell Elinor Loafer Mule: $98 (Regularly $148) Converse Blush Low Tops: $46 (Regularly $55-$70) Plaid Menswear Blazer: $99 (Regularly $149) Marc Fisher LTD Valen Sandal: $99 (Reguarly $159) Click here to shop the full catalog below before the sale hits tomorrow!   You might not find the same exact items this year, but my guess is that there will be a lot of similar versions to what you see below! I’ll definitely populate this post with new finds as soon as the sale goes live but for now–so you can get an idea of all the staples I scored at crazy discounts last year! In particular, there was a ton of amazing denim on sale from great brands like Rag & Bone, Levi’s, Paige, and more! Additionally, sweaters are DEFINITELY something you’ll want to invest in–sweaters tend to be some of the most expensive fall/winter items, so planning ahead and buying any that you need now will save you some cash in the long run! Finally the boots and booties category definitely shines here. From tall boots to short ankle boots, if you are in the market for either, you should plan to buy them now during the sale!          Filed Under: Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Outfits  
Allie says  July 12, 2018 at 6:48 am That red coat is stunning! I didn’t see it in the catalogue, thank you for such a wonderful find! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Katie says  July 12, 2018 at 8:31 am Hi! I can’t find your exact wrap … do you have a direct link? 
percy says  July 17, 2018 at 11:27 am i like you site is beatiful  my site is leather http://www.barraleather.com […] now, the sale is only available to Nordstrom cardholders. If you’re not familiar, head over the this post and I’ll explain how it works! If you aren’t a cardholder and are waiting until Friday to shop […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Tank Tops, Black Heel Booties, Black Heels, Blue Jumpsuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 20, 2016   Dress: Old (I couldn’t find a similar striped version, but I do love this plaid shift dress which is perfect for layering, for under $40!) // Shoes: Sam Edelman ‘Dora’ via Nordstrom // Shirt: Old, but similar here and here // Scarf: c/o Vera Bradley (old) similar here and here  // Bag: c/o Coach    I wouldn’t trade being a woman for anything. As much as we complain, I think it has more advantages than disadvantages. But I won’t get into those here.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

There’s a big, double edged sword though, that comes with being female: and that’s how to walk in heels. On one side, there’s a unique, empowering feeling that comes with stepping into a gorgeous set of heels. (If only we can learn to walk in them.) On the other side–there’s blisters, pinched toes, FALLING DOWN STAIRS (more on that below) and you know, the list goes on. My journey learning how to walk in heels started off a bit rocky. It’s an experience that I’m confident will be seared into my brain for a lifetime: It was 2002, and freshman year orientation at Saguaro High School in Scottsdale, Arizona. I knew not one soul going into a 2,000 student public school, but it was off to a good start: I had the cutest, most popular senior boy for as my orientation group’s designated school tour guide. To set the scene: Legally Blonde had just come out and I, for whatever reason, felt compelled to dress like Elle Woods and stuff my Jack Russell Terrier into a tote bag whenever possible. (Just to give you a visual.) That being said, I chose the highest pair of wedges (they were probably about 6.5 inches, platform, with ties around the ankle) a stylish, girly, flared denim skirt and a shimmery Michael Kors tank top for the occasion. I thought this would surely make my 5 foot, shrimpy, flat-chested frame look older and more sophisticated. I was walking through the halls of the English and Foreign language building, shyly flirting with this boy and the next thing I knew,  I took a tumble down the front steps outside of the building. In front of EVERYONE. I FLEW down several stairs, and skinned my knees. Like a child and so far from Elle Woods it wasn’t even funny. Those damn shoes. This is still one of the more embarrassing moments of my life. In fact, I’m really shocked I even told you about it on the internet. I went home and immediately got on AIM (that’s AOL Instant Messenger for you young people out there) to tell my best friend, Tasha, what god awful thing had just happened to me. From then on, it was really imperative that I learn how to walk in heels. (A skill that later came in really handy in college, where wearing a coat to the bars in the winter was social suicide, and the fastest way to get home to Tri Delt was to sprint several blocks down Third Street in nothing but 5 inch stilettos and a skimpy American Apparel spandex dress.) I had skills, you guys. So, next time you’re waddling down the street, keep these tips in mind. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  I have a chronic problem of purchasing shoes that are too big for me. I hate the feeling of my toes being pinched, so I err on the side of too big. This is actually worse than buying shoes too small, because then I fall out of them each time I try to walk. Learn from my mistakes, and get your feet measured, and pay attention to sizing charts to ensure you’re buying the correct size every time. Fun fact: Did you know you’re typically supposed to go half a size down when purchasing heels vs. flats? If you’re having recurring trouble walking in heels, chances are, they might be too big. Learning how to walk in heels is all about the heel-to-toe action. Ever wondered why you can walk just fine in flats, only to find that you instantly transform into velociraptor when donning a pair of stilettos? It’s because you’re trying to walk flat-footed. But you’re not, in fact, a giant lizard! Walk like a normal human being! Don’t overthink it–move as you normally would if you were wearing gym shoes, or walking barefoot. Keep that standard heel to toe motion, and you should be in good shape!  Think of ankle straps as the training wheels of heels. As stated above, one of the trickiest parts of walking in heels is the possibility of stepping out of them. The less they move around, the easier it is to walk–and also lessens the chance of falling down stairs or rolling your ankle. Additionally, the more you wear your shoes, the more they tend to stretch. (This can also be caused by roommates with bigger feet than you. Or so I’ve heard…) An ankle strap will come in handy for keeping them glued to your foot, even if they do become slightly bigger. Another type of heel that is easier to begin with is the wedge. Wedge heels provide a lot more stability than a tall, thin heel. You might decide you love wedges so much, that you never want to move onto taller and thinner heels, and that’s totally okay too. Because, well, wedges are adorable. Shop Ankle Strap & Wedge Heels:   
 You’ve never mastered any art without a little practice, right? When you get a pair of new heels, wear them around the house before you have to step out in public for the first time. The same concept can apply when trying on a pair of shoes in a department store. Keep them on for longer than just 30 seconds. If you can, make a few laps around the shoe department so you really know if they’re realistic walking material.  Heels can be uncomfortable. We all know this. They can also be verrryyy slippery (this is often the case with leather soles). If you run into this problem often, then I suggest you befriend a local cobbler, who can add a thin rubber pad to the bottom of your leather-soled heels. This adds to the comfort factor, protects the soles, and also keeps them from being slippery! There are a few items you can pick up at the local drug store that make walking in heels much easier. I love these gel pads for the bottoms of your feet, which make heels WAY more comfortable. Rub relief strips are also a popular option. Also, try Sole Serum–it’s basically a numbing agent for the bottoms of your feet, so they don’t hurt as much if you’re wearing your heels for a long period of time. I always have a bottle of this in my purse for weddings! Stocking up on these essentials makes it much easier to combat high heel issues. The good news? Kitten heels are in. AKA mini heels. You can find them everywhere at the moment! I love this pair, this pair, and this pair. You can also shop some of my favorite styles below! Shop Kitten Heels:    SaveSave Filed Under: Advice, Style, Styling tips  
Maggie says  January 20, 2016 at 10:29 am I’m loving your dress!! http://www.maggiealamode.com 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:28 am Thank you Maggie! I hope you’re having a great weekend! 
Kristina Anderson says  January 20, 2016 at 1:33 pm I also recommend buying little grippy strips for the heel if you have a problem with stepping out of your heels – they totally work! Kristina does the Internets 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:28 am Awesome! I need to look into those for sure! Do you buy them at the drug store? 
Kristina Anderson says  January 23, 2016 at 4:31 pm Last time I found them at Target in the shoe section. 
Stacy says  January 20, 2016 at 2:57 pm Great tips! I found a product by Band-Aid. It’s called Friction Block Stick and it is amazing! It looks like a little deodorant for your foot, but it leaves a thin film on your foot where your shoe might rub and prevents blisters. I love it for new shoes or when you wear flip flops for the first time since winter. You know, when your toes have forgotten what sandals are and are saying what the heck! 
Love the outfit!! So chic! 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:28 am Thanks Stacy! How have I not tried this magical stick!? I’m going to buy it ASAP! Thanks for the awesome tip! That awkward transition from boots to sandals is always the ROUGHEST, this sounds like it makes it so much better! 
Marie Huang says  January 26, 2016 at 11:12 pm Oh my goodness this is so exciting! I can’t wait to try this magical invention. Great post btw Jess. I’m sorry about your unfortunate tumble :/ XOXO
Marie H. 
Monica {Cake & Lilies} says  January 20, 2016 at 6:03 pm Hahah your story! So glad you bounced back and are teaching us how to do things the right way. I second Stacey’s comment about the Band-Aid stick…#lifesaver 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:27 am Hahah thanks Monica! And HOW have I not tried the band-aid stick!? I’m going to Target to get some this weekend! 
Maggie says  January 20, 2016 at 6:16 pm This made me smile so much. I’m very tall and so heels are a rarity in my shoe wardrobe. That being said, I am that velociraptor when I do wear them! So embarrassing! I seriously need to get better.
-Maggie  http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:27 am HAHA you’re not alone, Maggie! I’ve had so many velociraptor moments myself. (Seriously though, heels with ankle straps really do help a lot because they stick your heels to your feet!!) 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  January 20, 2016 at 7:58 pm I love kitten heels! 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:26 am Right? So glad they’re back in style! 
Cassandra Eldridge says  January 21, 2016 at 12:37 pm Kitten heels are my life saver. they’re so comfortable!  Also — gel pads for the win. You couldn’t be any cuter, mama.  Awesome tips! 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:26 am Thanks lady! So good to see you last week!  
Kasey says  January 22, 2016 at 5:08 pm I love this story! I mean, it’s happened to all of us at one point or another, right? I fell right down a whole flight of stairs into the senior hallway at my high school. To make it better my friends were walking behind me and it looked like they pushed me! Whoops… It was definitely time to master walking in heels! Great tips, wish I had them in High School!  
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:25 am Hahaha why was high school sooo hard!? Oh well, at least we have good stories to tell now, right? […] How to walk in high heels. No further explanation needed….you’re welcome  (thanks, Jess! Also her story will […] […] flats will most definitely get some rest. About that, have you guys read Jess’ (The Golden Girl) How to Walk in Heels article? It has been so useful in transitioning back to wearing heels! Specially the don’t be a […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Short Sleeve Dresses, White Sheath Dresses, Tan Pumps, Black Chokers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 15, 2018   Everlane Cotton  Double V Dress c/o (runs true to size–comes in black and white stripe as well as blue!) Everlane Wrap Sandals (c/o-come in four colors! TTS!) Everlane Market Tote in “light taupe” c/o–also comes in lot’s of colors! (I also just got their newest  “The Form” messenger bag that comes out later this week, and it’s AMAZING! You can preview it here!), Ray Ban sunnies Earrings were a gift from my sister in law, from a local boutique (I don’t have a link, sorry!)    Sooo you know when you’re running late and you feel like you have absolutely nothing you can throw on in two seconds that makes you feel cute and presentable? (This is my everyday life ?) I am always chronically late, so dresses are always my #1 go-to because they’re a one-and-done kind of outfit. This is especially true in the summer months–it’s so hot and humid outside, I just want basically AIR on my body and nothing else. Something that is really breathable, flowy (but not too short, because–windy city, if you catch my drift). This is why I LOVE this dress. It’s (shocker) another new piece from Everlane. It’s called their Cotton Double V dress and it is perfectly flattering, perfectly comfortable, and the perfect thing to wear–ummmm–like anywhere? (This dress of theirs is also very similar!) So far, I have worn this dress: 1. Out to a nice dinner with this cute pair espadrilles which run big, size down. (Fun fact: Kelly pronounces them e-SPA-drilles and every time I read this word now I laugh out loud.) 2. As a bathing suit cover up 3. To a bachelorette party 4. To run errands around the neighborhood and 5. To lunch with friends. And so on and so forth. Could you get any more versatile!? Everlane truly makes my favorite everyday basic dresses–they have lot’s of similar styles as well. I will link them below! Additionally, I really love these wrap sandals! I wore them in Italy (I hadn’t had enough time to break them in, so I didn’t wear them on days where we did a ton of walking–I wore them around Tuscany though and they didn’t rub me at all!) They’re a great neutral color and go with everything! I decided I had to try out this tote for myself after so many of you raved about it in my Real Women Approved Favorite Work/Life Bag Reader Roundup! So many of you rave about it and I can see why! A lot of you have asked how it compares to my Madewell Transport Tote, and I will say it’s definitely more structured and polished looking than the Madewell Transport Tote, which is made of softer leather vs the stiffer, more structured leather of the Everlane tote (another bonus for the Everlane tote–it wipes clean much easier than the Madewell version due to the type of leather). Both are equally roomy and fit so much stuff–my laptop, my big camera, a sweater, snacks, makeup bag–whatever! I think it’s truly a personal preference (and personally, I would choose both for different things–they’re very different! ?)          Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Rebecca says  August 15, 2018 at 7:37 am I love how much you post about Everlane! They are seriously the best company, and I love this dress. 
Paisleigh says  August 15, 2018 at 9:49 am Umm you forgot to mention that its only $22 ! Thats craziness! Definitely a need now  
Rachel says  August 15, 2018 at 2:07 pm This dress is amazing! As a denim-lover, I stray away from dresses but the simplicity of this one has me all heart eyes! Rachel
http://www.hello-her.com 
Alison says  August 15, 2018 at 2:36 pm Love this dress!  I have the striped version and it’s so cute! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Printed Blouses, Embroidered, Heel Booties, Leather Watches and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 27, 2016   Coat: Quilted navy Barbour jacket (also just got this black version from Tuckernuck and I’m obsessed with my waxed version in olive as well!) // Boots: Coach at Nordstrom (they’re so pretty and classic! They come in wide calf version as well.) // Pants: Green cords by KUT from the Cloth via Nordstrom  in “Deep Green” but they have SO many colors! My other favorites being this dark wine color, winter white, and olive. // Wrap tee: Nordstrom (short sleeve is almost sold out, but long sleeved version is fully stocked! It’s SO SOFT and is such a nice shake up from a regular tee)// Scarf: old, but similar at Tuckernuck here and here // Bag: Vintage LV Speedy 25 bag (Which you can snag online used at amazing prices at the Real Real)    Happy Tuesday! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Are you back at work today? Isn’t it such a strange week? I was debating whether or not to post something yesterday, but Neal had the day off and I decided since we rarely get time off together, I should join in on the fun and embrace the down time. I hope you did too! How was your Christmas? Ours was SO much fun. It was so great to spend it with Neal’s family. We’ve spent every OTHER holiday together for the last four years, so it was really special to finally spend Christmas together and be part of their family traditions! These past couple days I got to do something that I haven’t had time to do in a VERY long time due to the holiday madness that began in November and hasn’t let up since–I finally got back to yoga. AHHH. It felt so good. And the weather? We had mimosas on our front deck! I walked around all day in just my Barbour coat and it was glorious. Anyway, I wanted to update you on some wedding planning! Our two-day stay in Portland was VERY productive! We knocked out a lot of things on the wedding to-do list, including nailing down our DJ (Vintage Vinyl–they spin vinyl–how cool is that?), doing my hair/makeup trial (with Kirstie Wight–see photo here!), and figuring out where we’ll be staying (the Sentinel–it’s GORGEOUS!), and doing our food tasting (Tamale Boy! Upscale Mexican–we are SO excited!) right before we jetted off to the airport. Then, on Wednesday, I spent all day with the Kendra Scott team (and Natalie, our awesome photographer!) shooting something really fun and exciting that I can’t wait to share with you later this winter!) Lot’s of fun stuff happening! Okay, enough rambling. I promised we’d talk about 5 favorite winter wardrobe staples, so that’s probably what we should do before I run out of time and have to leave for the taco party, right? K. Let’s do it. Everyone’s over here like, “OTK BOOTS OTK BOOTS OTK BOOTS!!!!” that it seems like everyone has forgotten about classic riding boots. Hello, they’re still amazing? I just got this Coach pair over Black Friday (which is still currently on sale!) and I absolutely love them. They’re so pretty, and I love the gold buckle detail on the side! They’ve got the perfect amount of heel (not completely flat, but not medium or high by any means) which gives a good amount of support. As you can probably guess, this means they’re REALLY comfy! (They also have a wide calf version here! And if you’re looking for black riding boots instead, I love this version made by Blondo, who makes my favorite OTK boots. Plus, they’re waterproof leather!) Cords!? Don’t they make you think of those Old Navy commercials when you were a kid? Funny enough, they’re back, and I’ve really taken a liking to them again. This pair that I’m wearing comes in so many different colors, but I love this deep, dark green! It’s a fun alternative to wearing jeans all the time! I’ve worn my waxed beadnell for years, but I recently just got the quilted version (which Kelly has raved about for EVER) and I love it sooo much. It’s got this polar-quilt lining that is so warm and cozy. When we were in Portland, I wore my black one the entire time and it was perfect for the chilly weather there. Quick tip on sizing, as I get a lot of questions about it–this really depends on how you like your coats. If you prefer to have room for layering chunky sweaters, you can size up. If you prefer your coats a bit more snug,  stick with your true size. Okay, so I guess a tee shirt can be considered an “anytime” staple, not just a winter one, but I’ve been wearing this one from Nordstrom so much lately. I love that it’s tee material but the wrap qualities make it so much more exciting than a normal t-shirt. You can more easily dress it up for dinner, and it’s SO soft, too! (Sadly, my short sleeve version is pretty much sold out, but the long sleeved version is fully stocked and comes in tons of colors. Even better for winter! ;-P) I spent a long period of my life never wearing anything green. Why? I’m not sure. But lately I’ve been drawn to really dark greens–I think they’re a fun alternative to navy and are a really flattering color on any skin tone. (Yes, even your most pale winter skin looks great in dark green, I promise.) So, naturally, when it comes to scarves, I’ve been gravitating to those in green plaids.     
       Photos by Jules Kennedy Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Rachel Spross says  December 27, 2016 at 9:53 am Love the look! I’m obsessed with that scarf. And I’m glad you had such a fun Christmas!!  xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Kristina Anderson says  December 27, 2016 at 10:29 am That scarf is so pretty!! I’ve been really drawn to dark greens lately too, they’re such a fun alternative to a navy or black. Enjoy the taco party   Kristina does the Internets 
Molly O'Connor says  December 27, 2016 at 10:31 am I wore my riding boots for the first time in forever on Christmas and forgot how much I love them!! Still eyeing that Barbour jacket as always  Glad y’all had such a great Christmas and looooove hearing those wedding updates! http://www.mollyonthemoveblog.com 
Cassie says  December 27, 2016 at 10:58 am This is such a gorgeous outfit! I love how well the boots & scarf pair together. Plus I’m happy to see the adorable streets of Chicago behind you. blushandfairydust.blogspot.com 
Diana Pearl says  December 27, 2016 at 4:37 pm Love this look! I got a new Barbour for Christmas myself (The Annadale!) and I’m so obsessed! Also, your wedding DJ sounds so cool! (And the food, yummm!) x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Tomi Obebe says  December 28, 2016 at 12:33 am Thank you for these tips! I’m moving to NYC next month and I’ll definitely need them. Do you have a post on fashion for extremely cold months? It’d be so helpful!   xx, Tomi
http://goodtomicha.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Bikinis Bottom, Knit Turtlenecks, Grey Sweatpants, Graphic Sweatshirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 15, 2018  Top: Everlane (comes in several colors (dying for this gorgeous cornflower blue color!) and also comes with pockets as well as a sleeveless version!) Skirt: Topshop via Nordstrom –I’m obsessed! It runs small, size up! Pay attention to the sizing tips on the website! It’s also not too short, it’s the perfect length! Leather jacket: from Italy when I studied abroad, but this one, this one, and this one are similar!  Happy Thursday guys! I actually had another blog post planned today butttt time got away from me ? (the post that was SUPPOSED to go up today is actually four ways to wear this jean skirt you see above! So…this will serve as a little sneak peak. Hehe.) Speaking of what I’m wearing above–today’s post is not on the skirt, but the shirt–the Everlane silk button down called “the relaxed silk shirt” to be exact. I think this shirt has honestly become synonymous with like…me, in general. I wear it SO. OFTEN. I’m going to link all the posts I’ve worn it in recently, but it’s A LOT. I rarely travel without it because it’s the one shirt that works in all weather, for all occasions. It’s just the best! I’ve also never been asked so many questions about ONE specific shirt, ever, in the history of this blog–so, I figured, let’s do a whole little Q&A blog post about it–why not? I own a size 2 because that is the size I wore when I got the top two years ago. I typically wear 0 these days (thanks, Orangetheory!) but I still love the way it fits. It’s a little looser than it used to be but not by much. It’s supposed to be a relaxed fit. If you’re in between sizes, I’d say ordering your current size will fit like a normal relaxed fit shirt does, if you order a next size up, it will be more flowy. Both are great! Yes, it does, but please note this really will depend on your height. I’m 5’6 and its fairly long on me–it does cover my behind, so it looks good tucked out if you prefer the tunic-style or tucked in. (I’m a big fan of the front tuck or a front-tie, like I did above!) THE most common question I receive. The answer is, as long as you wear a nude bra that matches your skin color it is not see through. Several of you have said you returned it because it was see through and I will assure you, this is because you are wearing the wrong color nude bra! I also often wear my black bra underneath it (I like when it’s a little show-through for date nights anyway!) and I never feel inappropriate. I get this question a lot too and I have to admit I really don’t sweat very much in general so this is tough for me to say, but I will say it is much more breathable/cooler than, say, a regular poplin button down that you would wear to work. If you find that you have issues with yellowing in your shirt’s under arms–I learned that this is actually caused by your deodorant, NOT sweat. Sweat has no color, but when it mixes with the chemicals in your deodorant (aluminum)–this is what causes the yellowing. Switch to a natural deodorant and this should fix the issue! (I like Tom’s and Native brands!) Yes, it is dry clean only. However, I have also spot treated it in between dry-cleans with a Tide to go pen (aka MAGIC) with great success. So this topic will be approached in a different blog post (i.e. how to take care of/not ruin your clothes) but I truly only dry clean it when it’s dirty. Usually this is about every 5 wears. It’s not bad. (Never clean your clothes unless you NEED to clean them! It ruins them!) I hang it up nicely after every use and it usually lasts me quite awhile. If you like posts like this, see how to clean and care for your velvet. I mean, if you pack it in a suitcase, it will get wrinkled, but they steam out SO easily with a steamer. (I carry this mini steamer with me everywhere!) It does! It’s very high quality and like everything Everlane makes–is very well made. It truly feels like a $300 shirt. I’ve styled it a bunch of ways–you can see a few of them here, here (for how I wear it under a dress!) here (how I wear it with a skirt!) and here!   Photo by Hannah  SaveSaveSaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Taylor says  March 15, 2018 at 7:41 am I love this shirt so much! Everlane has such great pieces, I’m never disappointed! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Sarah says  March 15, 2018 at 8:36 am I’m searching for a great nude bra to wear with shirts like this. Do you have any recommendations?? 
Allie says  March 15, 2018 at 9:08 am I love silk shirts, and I love that this is is relatively cheap. It’s such a classic style. I haven’t tried any Everlane items yet but I’m definitely going to- I read time and time again how much everyone loves them! xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Caroline says  March 15, 2018 at 10:38 am I spent my entire school career in Catholic school wearing a uniform so I don’t like a traditional white blouse haha. But that one is SO pretty and something that will never go out of style!  I also love the other colors that it comes in!!  
John Moak says  March 19, 2018 at 1:55 am I need some informative information about how to solve women waistline problem. After reading your article I know something different about how to solve women waistline problem. Most of the women want to look different and they also want to lead a healthy and fashionable life. Have you any suggestion to solve my problem? 
Yanina Rancano says  April 16, 2018 at 11:58 am Hi! What mini steamer do you use? Thanks! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Midi Dresses, White And Black Blouses, Blue Dresses, Black Heel Wedges and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 6, 2016     So, football and I kind of have a love-hate relationship. It’s a running inside joke between Neal and I, that “Wednesday” sometimes becomes my default favorite day of the week because it’s the only day where NFL or college football is NOT on. (I’m sure you can relate? That’s really a LOT of football. Do we really need that much?) That’s not to say I don’t look forward to watching it on Sundays. I was once on a fantasy team and got really into it. (Aren’t you proud?)  The one thing that bugs Neal the most though, is that I’m a Packers fan. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Yeah–my two biggest flaws, according to him: #1, I hate seafood, and #2, I’m a Packer’s fan. (Dun dun dunnnn.) We’re a “house divided” if you will. (You’ll remember when you talked about it in HIS version of this post, over here!)  (Side note: Look what JUST popped up in my Time Hop today! #HouseDivided since the beginning! This was snapped a few years back! But now we have cuter gameday wear ;-P)   One of my favorite things to do on Sundays is meet up with my best friends (AKA my old roommates, who made me a Packers fan years and years ago) at Will’s Northwoods. Have you ever been? It’s a Packer bar up in Lakeview, where they have cookouts every Sunday, with big screens outside, and everyone is so friendly, you feel like you’re in Wisconsin. It’s always such a blast and is hands-down the best place to watch a Green Bay game. (Although, O’Leary’s in River North is a close second!) However, I never had anything other than my Jordy jersey to wear, seeing as I own absolutely nothing green or yellow, and wearing the same thing week after week can get old, ya know? So when Levi’s reached out to me and asked if Neal and I wanted to style some of their new game day gear, obviously I was like, “ummm IN!” I absolutely love this Green Bay flannel button-up ($78 on levi.com). It’s so cozy, I’m actually wearing it again as I write this post. (Someone who lives in my house likes to keep the air conditioning at 68 degrees.) Also, I can’t think of anything more fitting for a Wisconsin lover than this denim trucker jacket ($108 – levi.com). I mean–what’s better than repping your favorite team with a Canadian tuxedo?     I am a Levi’s® NFL Collection blogger and this is a sponsored post. Thank you to Levi’s for your partnership, and thank you for supporting the brands that keep GG up and running!      Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Catherine Marks says  October 6, 2016 at 5:30 am This is such a darling game day look! I am a Panthers fan, and I may have to steal the whole outfit idea!
xoxo,
Catherine: Classic Catherine 
Diana Pearl says  October 6, 2016 at 10:14 am So cute! I love the buffalo plaid in the Packers colors (although like your fiance, I too am a Bears fan!) But I totally agree on the football overload — Sometimes you just need a break! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  October 6, 2016 at 10:41 am This is so great! I’m a Sconnie gal, so I cheer for the green & gold, too  xo, Laura
brightandbeautifulblog.com 
Stacy says  October 6, 2016 at 11:46 am Super cute! Go Pack Go! 
Rachel Spross says  October 7, 2016 at 9:11 am You are too cute! I love this game day stuff. Way more flattering than just a t-shirt! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Modest Dresses, Black Gowns Dress, Wedge Pumps Shoes, Silver Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 11, 2015   I love accidentally stumbling upon a great new brand or website unexpectedly. That’s what happened with me and & Other Stories. I was just minding my own business and then BOOM. I wanted to buy everything. That rarely happens with me you know, I tend to be pretty particular over what I place in my online shopping cart. From shoes to swim to summer basics, this place has it all.  I rounded up some of my favorite products for you to shop below and scroll to your fancy. But don’t just take my word for it, click through to see for yourself!  Happy shopping. Er, Monday.        Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Wedge Pumps Shoes, Platform Black Heels, Black Pumps Shoes, Sweaters And Cardigans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 17, 2018   Above: J.Crew blanket scarf from last year–this year’s version here (comes in lot’s of colors!) J.Crew tissue turtleneck (runs TTS, wearing XS here! Also come in lot’s of solid colors!) J.Crew earrings (again, last year’s version, but this year’s version is very similar!)  Hi guys!  I thiiinkkkkk maybe this might wrap up my gift guides this year? Maybe not. Who knows. I fly by the seat of my pants these days, but this seemed to be a good one to end with. Last week I shared what YOUR personal favorite gifts you’ve ever received were (including experiences) and today, I’m sharing MY personal favorite items that I’d highly recommend as gifts. You can also still get ALL of these in time for Christmas Eve with standard shipping (the cutoff for most of them is tomorrow, Tuesday, December 18th, with exceptions noted in descriptions!)  Here we go!  My favorite items that anyone would love to receive this season:   I don’t know WHAT I would do without my Kindle. I honestly never thought to put it in a gift guide just because I figured everyone already had one but I’ve received several questions about it lately so I wanted to put it in here! I’ve had Kindles for years and years, but a few years back I was having the worst week of my life and on top of it, my Kindle broke. It was one of those breaking points where I just LOST IT and I came home a few days later and Neal surprised me with a brand new one. It was so sweet and is still one of my favorite gifts I’ve ever received. I read so much, so having tons of books at my disposal is imperative. Because it doesn’t have blue light, it doesn’t mess with your brain or eyes or prevent you from being able to go to sleep. It really does look just like a paper book! Plus, it’s way more economical. Kindle books are so much cheaper than the real versions! Obviously another plus here is Amazon’s fast shipping, so if you need a great last minute gift, this is definitely it!  By the way, if you need book ideas to load onto the Kindle, definitely check out this post!    The Wubby Fleece has taken my IG fam by storm ?I get DM’s all the time with photos of you guys in Wubby Fleece’s saying this is the best money you’ve ever spent on yourself! So, obviously I had to put it in here because it would make the BEST GIFT EVER. They are so, so soft, and so warm, and so cozy. At the end of a long day you pull it on and it feels like a hug. It runs very big though, FYI! (Mine is the color-blocked version, which is sold out in this color, but they have a more cream-blush colored color block version or other colors too!)   I was ELATED when I saw that my favorite Rag & Bone skinnies were restocked just in time for the holidays AND they’re 33% off. If you’re shopping for someone who is in the market for some new skinny jeans and are looking for something with a lot of stretch and comfort, these are it. I love the raw hems as well (and that they aren’t *too* raw/ripped–it’s just subtle!) The rise is also high but not too high. These were my #1 bestselling jean for an entire year, for good reason. They do run big, so size down if you’re in question. Other jeans I love: Everlane’s skinny jeans (they are just different in style from the Rag & Bones and they are a much thicker/sturdier denim!)   I own both the waxed version and the quilted version, and this is always one of my top gift recommendations! Barbour jackets are so high quality, they’re super warm for how little bulk they are (AND how cute they are!) and it’s something they’ll have for years and years. (Same goes with men, too! Neal has several Barbour coats that he loves!)   On the flip side, if Barbour isn’t your thing but you’re looking to gift a coat that is stylish and insanely practical–enter Lolë’s packable coats. They are insanely warm for how light they are, and they fold up into a tiny pouch! This is perfect for anyone (guy or girl!) who is always on the go! I recommend both the “Emeline” and “Hudson” for women, and Neal wears the “Irving” ALL the time! You can also see my guide on their heavier winter coats here!    Another go-to recommendation for any woman–Madewell’s Transport Totes just can’t be beat when it comes to quality, style, and practicality. In my opinion, a great tote needs to hit on all three, and this passes with flying colors. I have two–one in black and one in brown! I would recommend the one with the zipper top, since it’s best for travel and security reasons!   These have been included in a couple gift guides but I’m unsure if you TRULY understand what a great gift these are, so I had to reiterate ?These are the nicest, high quality bags. The set comes with two–they have tons of colors (so they’re good for guys as well)–they’re perfect all on their own or if you want to get really fancy, gift these filled with some nice beauty products! (See this post if you need more beauty gift ideas!)   Again, I feel like you guys are probably like “I GET IT. WE KNOW YOU LOVE BLONDO BOOTS.” But I still get so many questions on my favorite boots for winter so I feel like I have to include these here ?I’ve owned a pair of Blondo suede boots for a couple of years now and they are the only boots I wear regularly that have made it through multiple Chicago winters. They come already waterproofed, so you don’t have to worry about ruining them in the rain and slush! They’re super comfortable and ideal for travel, too! They come in lots of styles but I’d recommend this one if you’d like a knee-high version and this one if you want an an over the knee version.   The curling iron I’ve been using for a couple of years now–it works SO well. It curls faster than any other product I’ve tried and gets SUPER hot. (Careful, you don’t need to use it on the full heat capacity!) I love the “whirl” because you can mix and match the barrels without having to own like 3 different curling irons! (See my hair curling tutorial here!) I own this full set, but you can also purchase the barrels individually.   The best gift set for those looking to give beauty gifts! Beautycounter is 100% clean–it’s my favorite skincare brand and the products are incredible. This set includes a smaller version of all their bestselling skincare products (But they’re actually really good sized so you will get several months use out of them!) For anyone who is into skincare and looking to transition to cleaner products, this is the perfect gift. I own each of these items individually (the full sized items, with the exception of the #1 facial oil, I haven’t tried that yet, but it’s one of my most popular reader favorites! You guys swear by it!)  NOTE: Today, Monday, is last day to order from Beautycounter.com with regular shipping and receive in time for Christmas Eve!    I have the shorts set but it also comes as a long pants and long sleeves set as well! These are the COMFIEST, SOFTEST pajamas ever. I always recommend this pair as a gift because it’s a set you’ll wear year-round (vs something like a flannel set you’ll only wear in the winter). The material isn’t too hot and they are so incredibly chic and comfortable.   You can get these as a set or purchase the eye mask and pillow case individually! I love both of them! Silk pillow-cases are anti-aging, don’t leave you with sleep creases and prevent bedhead! The eye mask isn’t too tight and is really lightweight and you can barely feel it, but it does a great job of blocking out light! It’s also easy on the eyelashes!   This is my #1 favorite style related book. It’s so cute on your coffee table but actually is so helpful and has a lot of substance. It has so many great style tips and practical advice for putting together a wardrobe that represents your personality and finding your own personal style!   See full outfit post here  I got mine at Lord and Taylor but they also sell them at Bloomingdales! (They have more sizes there!) These are $18 (EIGHTEEN) dollars and they are the coziest, most amazing leggings ever. They are lined with this super soft fleecy material and they are seamless–which I love. One of my biggest pet peeves is trying to wear athletic leggings as regular everyday leggings where you can see the seams in them and it gives away that they’re workout leggings. ?You can wear these in place of sweats but I’ve also dressed them up with heeled booties for a party and they look great that way too! Other favorite leggings that are amazing gifts: The Spanx leather and Spanx velvet leggings (run true to size! I wear a small!)  Need more gift ideas? See my other gift guides below!  Neal’s GIANT gift guide for every man in your life Reader favorites gift guide (the best gifts YOU GUYS have ever received!) This includes some really cool out of the box ideas, as well as lot’s of experience-related gifts as well! Funny gifts for people who definitely aren’t normal, haha!  Gifts for the adventurer (Great for your favorite traveler, camper, hiker, tailgater–basically anyone who loves getting outdoors!)  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Brooke says  December 18, 2018 at 2:04 am Love this Jess! Thank You!! 
TeamPlus India says  December 18, 2018 at 3:20 am Great article. It is very useful and informative. I got some good ideas about this topic. Thanks for sharing this post. – manpower suppliers in bangalore 
Shannon says  December 18, 2018 at 10:43 pm Your site is suddenly covered in advertisements.  It’s so distracting and annoying.  Why have you changed and allowed so many? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heel Booties, Shoes Wedges, Black Tees, Denim Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 26, 2015       



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Dress, purse, and sandals all c/o Nordstrom Rack // Sunnies: Ray Ban // Bracelet: J.Crew // Earrings: c/o Sterling Forever // Necklaces: Helen Ficalora and Dogeared // Lipstick: c/o Younique lip stain in ‘skittish’ // Nails: Essence Colour & Go polish in Candy Crush (available in Ulta stores!)  When the weather (finally) gets warm in Chicago, brunch becomes an essential weekend activity. With so many rooftop restaurants and gorgeous patios, you could say it’s our favorite pastime when the sun comes out. Every girl, Chicagoan or not, has a go-to brunch style. Some prefer the casual route of their favorite Lulu leggings and their favorite trainers, while others like to get fancy and use it as an excuse to wear the clothes that never see the light of day during the workweek. I’m somewhere in between. Seeing as eating is my #1 hobby, I always like to leave a little extra room in my ensemble if you know what I mean   That’s why I instantly fell in love with this dress–the loose fit leaves plenty of room for a big plate of breakfast tostadas from my favorite spot, Summerhouse Santa Monica, and the lace detailing and bell sleeves make it ultra-feminine and hippie chic at the same time. It’s like wearing a pillowcase to brunch, but is totally socially acceptable. Ding ding ding, winner winner. Plus, the shoes and pop of orange in the purse give it an edgy balance. (P.S. have you noticed why one of my knees is absurdly more tan than the other? Don’t go to three little league games in a row on a Saturday wearing distressed denim with a hole in the knee, that’s all I’m gunna say.) Also speaking of lot’s of eating–I need you to sit down so I can tell you about this incredible lipstick for a second. It’s actually a lip stain (which I was REALLY honestly scared of until this moment.) It’s not like those sticky terrible flakey 10 hour lipsticks you buy at CVS, this one actually stays put and feels like nothing is on your lips. I can eat an entire meal without it coming off. I’m also weary of brands that I can’t buy at Sephora, but I was feeling daring (and my sweet friend Noelle works for them) so I tried it out, and to my surprise, fell in love and want to order more colors immediately. It’s perfect, really, I hope you try it! I also love their mascara, which I plan to do a review on soon! Being that brunch style is so unique from one gal to another, Hautelook is launching a whole brunch inspired sale today at 6PM CST, featuring amazing dresses and other brunch-worthy apparel from brands like Orla Kiely, Badgley Mischka, and great accessories (including hats and shoes!) Hurry though, it ends on Tuesday 4/28! If you’ve never heard of Hautelook, they’re owned by Nordstrom (swoon!) I love them in particular because, like Nordstrom Rack, they offer a great selection of brands I love, but they’re affordable (which always helps a self-employed girl out!)  Each morning at 8AM, they release a new sale featuring some major name brands–from apparel, to accessories, beauty, kid’s toys, home decor and more, at up to 75% off. (Plus, they offer free shipping on orders of $100.) Being the lazy person that I am, I often don’t order things online because I hate returning them, but I like Hautelook because you can usually return items to any Nordstrom Rack! So, in honor of the awesome Ladies Who Brunch sale launching later this afternoon, Hautelook has paired up with a handful of awesome bloggers (I myself, am so honored to be included!) to showcase different brunch styles across the country! (I always love seeing how style varies so much from city to city!) Be sure to check out my friends Juley, Mollie, Jessica, Katie, Nikki, Carley, and Lacey, wearing their most fabulous brunch ensembles. See them all on Hautelook.com here, or click through the graphic below!  Okay, tell me, what’s your brunch style?  Photos by Kelly Larkin Disclosure: This post is sponsored by Hautelook, but all opinions are 100% my own. Thank you for supporting the partnerships that keep GG up and running!    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heels, Black Wedge Shoes, Black Heeled Booties, Black Gowns Dress and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 26, 2018   Cashmere neck scarf: White + Warren c/o Shopbop–how cute is this!? I’m pretty sure the cashmere neck scarf was MADE for me. It keeps you so warm and it’s not bulky like other scarves, and, you know, it looks like a neck scarf! It’s perfect for any francophile ? (Comes in black, too!) Boots: Steve Madden Gabbie OTK Boots (They’re only $68!! Also come in black! My best friend Kate also just recommended these Dolce Vita OTK boots as well, and says they’re super snug through the calf/thigh for a Stuart Weitzman-esque look!) Sweater: old, but similar here and here! (Linking more below, too!) Black tee: Halogen (it’s reversible and my FAVORITE long-sleeved tee EVER! I also have the striped version! If you want a short-sleeve tee, I also love J.Crew’s “perfect tee” crewnecks as well as their v-necks!) Jeans: Abercrombie (my other similar favorites are the J.Brand Maria jeans!) Bag: Obviously borrowed from Kelly ? it’s not often I get the opportunity to borrow Chanel ? HAPPY FRIDAY! Sorry for the lack of post yesterday–I got behind with deadlines and just literally ran out of time. Hopefully Wednesdays post with a bajillion podcasts was thorough enough that it took you two days to get through. ? This weekend it’s a girls weekend–Neal is in Austin celebrating his best friend Steve’s 30th birthday (Happy Birthday Steve!!) so I’ve got lot’s of fun plans to catch up with all my girlfriends! I’m really looking forward to it! Tonight I’m seeing The Post with my friend Liz, and tomorrow I’m going to brunch with my old roomies to celebrate my friend Kai’s engagement! I’m also going to be working a fair amount to get ahead on posts because I’m going to visit my best and longest friend/ MOH/ sister in Cincinnati because she just had her second baby! I cannot wait to meet baby Jax! Neal needed to take a work trip there and timing could not have been better, so I’m tagging along! Anyway–this past Wednesday, Kelly and I took off work early and headed to a late lunch at RL (Ralph Lauren’s restaurant!) We had both never been, but were dying to go–so drank the rosé, we ate the fries (and I ordered the club sandwich, Kelly the burger–both would highly recommend!)–it was so fun! We obviously ended our date by walking to Nordstrom down the street, because where else would we be? Blogging is really funny in that it’s a job that can be very social, but also very isolating. Especially in the winter, it’s really easy to just hole up alone in your house and never leave–but it was so nice to actually get out of the house, have a fun lunch, and just walk around downtown! If you haven’t been to Ralph Lauren yet, you MUST go! It’s such an experience! The decor is so beautiful and just as you’d imagine. I want to move in immediately. (Actually, it reminded me a lot of Neal’s office ? but obviously way cooler). Also an important part of the story–I recently got this really cool thing called a DJI Osmo Mobile. It’s essentially a stabilizer for the iPhone that allows you to make really fun videos on the go and get really cool, smooth, panning shots! Kelly for the life of her cannot remember what it’s actually called, so she keeps calling it “your robot” and “Weebo”–the latter which has now stuck, and resulted in all of our text conversations being full of robot memes. Obviously I took the opportunity to test it out at lunch and play around–our waiter was very intrigued and proceeded to tell me that his wife wanted a robot dog, so there’s that. I debated on publishing this because there’s a whole lot of nothing going on in this video and it was really just an excuse to play around with the “weebo”–(also don’t mind that the video has literally no ending ?) but I figured it would give you a fun little glimpse of RL if nothing else ? (Warning: this video will cause extreme french fry cravings.) Press play to watch the video below!        Finally, I can’t let you leave for the weekend until we talk about a few key pieces of this outfit that have quickly become some of my favorite wardrobe staples since purchasing them! I mean, was this MADE for me or was it made for me!? You know my thin with neck scarves. Actually, I just realized that my last like four outfit posts have consisted of me wearing neck scarves. I should probably stop. Sorry.  ? Anyway, I absolutely adore this scarf and I know it’s one I will have for a long time. I thought it wouldn’t be as warm as a normal scarf, but because it’s so much more snug up around your neck, it’s actually warmer! It’s perfect for winter (and, you know. Spring. Ah, Chicago.) I have been dying for the Stuart Weitzman Lowlands in brown (specifically the Chestnut color that is sooo beautiful!) but I wanted to challenge myself to find an affordable alternative first–I finally did! Luckily I was watching Jessi’s instagram stories and she posted about these Steve Madden Gabbie Boots, so I snapped them up because they’re only $68! They also come in black! I have a REALLY hard time finding boots that are snug enough around my calves and thighs, and these come pretty darn close to being perfect! (They’re still a little big in the back up around my thigh, but they still stayed up really well! I just have child sized lower legs, so they will definitely fit normal humans well! ?) I also really love the heel–which is there but not TOO tall–and the toes, which are really pretty and slightly pointed–a perfect almond toe! They’re also so comfy–I walked all around the city in them yesterday! They run TTS. I can’t say enough great things about these tees! I got one in black and one in stripes. They are the tees I reach for every time now. I also wore this black tee out to dinner on Saturday night (with the v-neck in the front! Perfect for date night tucked into skinny jeans and paired with heels!) Sizing tip: Go down a size! I’m wearing an XS (my normal size) but it’s still still a little big!   SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
One Swainky Couple says  January 26, 2018 at 2:53 pm I love this! The video looks great and I’m so curious about your Weebo!! Would love to see more and maybe a comparison of video with/without the stabilizer?  Katherine | http://www.oneswainkycouple.com 
Maru Aparicio says  January 26, 2018 at 3:47 pm I love your videos, you should film more videos about your social life, and your home, like tours, recipes… wish you a nice weekend jess! 
Brava Lingerie says  January 27, 2018 at 2:01 am Love your smile 
https://www.bravalingerie.com.au/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pumps Sale, Heeled Sandals, White Sleeveless Blouse, Designer Gowns On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 20, 2017    Trench coat: London Fog at Nordstrom, also comes in a longer version. There’s also a bunch of others on sale as part of the Nordstrom Winter Sale right here! // White Jeans: J.Brand // Navy Suede Mules: c/o Sole Society, I love this similar rust colored version, which also come in tan, grey and black! Also love this camel version for $99! // Shirt: J.O.A. from ShopBop (I also love this blue and white striped bow version, also how cute is this blue and white striped one-shoulder ruffle dress?) //Bag: Madewell Transport Tote (my favorite tote bag, they have about every color and material under the sun!) Available on Nordstrom and Shopbop but you can get it monogrammed from Madewell  // Sunnies: c/o Tuckernuck // Lipstick: MAC Lady Danger (I also recommend their lip scrub, which is SO good for winter, and their lip primer!) // Hair: Curled with a Beachwaver curling iron, Oribe Texture Spray //




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Umm hello and good morning from ACROSS THE POND! If you didn’t catch my big news on Instagram last night… I’M IN LONDON!  Officially the coolest “work trip” I’ve yet to embark on–I’m here for a Burberry beauty event as part of London Fashion Week! **Is this real life!?** I took off about 5pm Chicago time and we land just before 7am London time, so I’ll have the whole day ahead of me! It’s a very quick trip–I’ll be here for the next two days and then it’s straight to LA to meet Neal and enjoy a couple days of sunshine.  The flight was absolutely wonderful. (Okay, disclaimer, I’m writing this post on the plane, so I don’t know if I should be writing it in present tense or past tense, seeing as by the time you SEE it, it will be past tense. Bear with me.) This is the first time I’ve ever flown British Airways, or BUSINESS CLASS! Omg. I seriously almost died. I’m sitting here drinking a glass of champagne as we speak. (Blog post writing is always so much more fun on airplanes. Something about booze at 37,000 feet really gets the creativity flowing. Not that my posts are very creative. Blah blah blah word vomity is more like it  See? There I go.)  On the agenda for this whirlwind trip:  I’m staying with at the Cafe Royal hotel, which, according to my research, looks absolutely wonderful. It’s really centrally located, which makes it super easy for exploring! (Huge plus!)  There are a handful of other bloggers on this trip too–although, I’m the only one from Chicago! I’ll be meeting up with my friend Jessica from My Style Vita at 11 today to shoot some outfit photos around the city. (I got some REAAALLYYY cute stuff you guys, get excited!)  Then we have the rest of the day free to explore! I’m also meeting my friend Emily later for drinks. She fell in love with a handsome British stranger and then ended up moving here a year ago. (How is that for an amazing story?)  Then tomorrow, it’s the big Burberry beauty event! We get a tour of the store and then it’s on to the beauty masterclass. I’ve heard so many good things about their products, I’m really excited to try them all!  After that, we’re all going for tea. (I’ve always really wanted to say, “going for tea” and now I can!) After lunch, it’s more free time for exploring! Later on I’m meeting up with my other friend, Jenna, who also lives in London, for drinks!  So–whew! There you have it! Big week over here, guys.  I should probably also talk about this outfit too, huh?  

 Well, let’s start with the trench coat, which I purchased specifically for London and because I’ve ALWAYS wanted a classic trench and never had one. It’s by a brand called London Fog, which to be honest, I had heard of but I had no idea they actually made quality coats. I did a double take when I saw it at Nordstrom last week, and the sales clerk (my new friend, Alicia) told me that they are absolutely wonderful. It has a detachable hood, and a snap in liner. I also think it’s the perfect length–not too short, not too long. Oh, and it’s under $200. Of course, I mean, I want the Burberry trench, and eventually I’m sure I will pull the trigger on that one (I actually heard they’re cheaper in London. Hmmmmm…), but this London Fog version seriously cannot be beat for the price tag. Also–this blue and white striped top–is it not the cutest thing? It also has a friendly price tag under $100! I love the bell sleeve and ruffle details. (Side note, are you guys like, “Jess if you wear one more damn bell-sleeve ruffle anything I’m going to kill you”?) The best part about this blouse is that it’s pretty structured–like the same material as your business-casual button-down–so you can wear it to the office with a pencil skirt, on a date with skinny jeans, or even with jean shorts when it gets warmer! Also, how cute are the buttons in the back? With this insanely gorgeous weather we’ve been experiencing, I wasted NO time pulling out the white jeans. I sadly ruined my old pair in the fall and thus spent the winter with no white jeans, and I love this J.Brand pair! (I have this dark denim version, too!) They are so comfy, they’re more like white jegging pants than jeans. The secret to finding flattering white skinny jeans is to find a pair that is high-waisted, with ankles that aren’t INSANELY skinny. The high waist makes your legs look WAY longer, and I’ve found that when ankles of white jeans are too skinny, it just makes my hips look wider. That’s why I love this pair–the perfect balance     Okay, this post is getting way too long. Moving on. Gunna watch a plane moving now  Make sure to follow on all my London adventures on Instagram and Instagram stories! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Classic Catherine says  February 20, 2017 at 6:24 am How exciting to be able to bop around London for a couple days! I love to watch the little cartoon plane move over the map so much, haha. I also love this outfit: it makes me so excited for spring! Have a great trip!
xoxo,
Catherine: Classic Catherine 
Britney says  February 20, 2017 at 7:49 am What an amazing opportunity! I’ve flown British Airways before- it was great, but it was not business class- so jealous! This outfit is perfect for spring! I have a similar trench coat that I’ve had forever and is still in style. Trends are fun, but I always say the basics are my favorites. Have a great time in London town! 
Rachel Spross says  February 20, 2017 at 9:17 am How fun!! These pics are just beautiful. I love your blue mules! And that striped shirt is such a great transitional piece for spring.  xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Jennifer says  February 20, 2017 at 10:20 am The striped top is super cute! Have fun in London!! Jennifer
http://www.effortlesslysophisticated.com/ 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  February 20, 2017 at 11:38 am Have so much fun Jess!!!! 
Diana Pearl says  February 20, 2017 at 1:02 pm London is the best! Seriously, my favorite place on earth. Have the best time! Your look is very London chic, too!! <3 x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  February 20, 2017 at 7:16 pm Have so much fun girl!! Ahh what an amazing opportunity!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Platform Pumps Shoes, Straw Bags, White Tank Tops, Fashion Jewelry and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 8, 2015   Sweater: Madewell via ShopBop (c/o) (on sale! Woo woo!)  // Thigh high socks: Forever 21 (also been eyeing these fleece lined (yes FLEECE LINED) ones from ShopBop// Pleated skirt: Fevrie.com (c/o) (get 25% off when you use code ‘jesskeys’ through the end of Feb) // Bracelet: Ruche // Watch: Anne Klein // Sunnies: Anne Klein // Silver oxfords: Tom’s (c/o) // Mini satchel: Shopbop (c/o) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 // <![CDATA[
!function(d,s,id){var e, p = /^http:/.test(d.location) ? 'http' : 'https';if(!d.getElementById(id)) {e = d.createElement(s);e.id = id;e.src = p + '://' + 'widgets.rewardstyle.com' + '/js/shopthepost.js';d.body.appendChild(e);}if(typeof window.__stp === 'object') if(d.readyState === 'complete') {window.__stp.init();}}(document, 'script', 'shopthepost-script');
// ]]&gt; So, this post is pretty awesome because there are A LOT of coincidences here. All having to do with Blair Waldorf. SO, first, everyone tells me I look like Leighton Meester (aka Blair Waldorf from Gossip Girl) and thus, Kelly has begun starting to call me Blair. (Which is confusing, because we frequently hang out with Blair, who is actually named Blair.)  Second, I’m wearing this adorable skirt from Fevrie (by the way, get 25% off  through the end of February when you use code ‘jesskeys’) which is a lot like the one that Blair wears as part of her uniform for Constance Billiard (I know my Gossip Girl fans are still with me.) The funny part, guess what it’s called? Yep, the Waldorf skirt. But it doesn’t stop there. Guess where we did this shoot (seriously, by pure coincidence). The WALDORF Astoria hotel. SERIOUSLY.        Photos by Kelly Larkin Anyway, because I wanted to mix things up and NOT look like I was ready to return from winter break my junior year of high school, I decided to add on this sweater (I had been eyeing it forever, and now it’s actually on sale!) and some metallic silver oxfords (they’re TOM’s! Can you believe it!?). These are the most comfortable shoes I’ve ever worn, and my first pair of Oxfords! Which by the way, if you’re in Chicago, you should stop by the new Tom’s store in Wicker Park. They’ve got a coffee shop inside and it’s puppy friendly! Also a funny side note: What you DON’T see here is that we originally tried to take these photos on the street instead of the courtyard (which was REALLY windy) and the wind was blowing so hard that my skirt got excited and decided it would look better up near my waist rather than covering my bum. So much that I’m pretty sure all of the gold coast could tell what color underwear I was wearing. Oh well! I would say let’s ask Kelly for some outtakes, but those probably be too inappropriate for the internet. Have a great Wednesday! xoxo GG (Haha, get it?!) Shop this look // <![CDATA[
!function(d,s,id){var e, p = /^http:/.test(d.location) ? 'http' : 'https';if(!d.getElementById(id)) {e = d.createElement(s);e.id = id;e.src = p + '://' + 'widgets.rewardstyle.com' + '/js/shopthepost.js';d.body.appendChild(e);}if(typeof window.__stp === 'object') if(d.readyState === 'complete') {window.__stp.init();}}(document, 'script', 'shopthepost-script');
// ]]&gt;  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Leggings, Sam Edelman Flats, White Lace Cocktail Dresses, Grey Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 22, 2017   This post brought to you in partnership with Lolë, a brand I absolutely adore. All opinions are my own. Thank you so much for supporting the brands that help support GG!    As you probably know, a couple weeks back I went on my FIRST ever trip to Canada (how is that possible?!) and spent the weekend in Montreal for what has been one of the coolest projects I’ve ever worked on to date–the Lole White Tour! I got to attend along with some other awesome bloggers–Kate of The Chic Series, Amanda of The Miller Affect, Lauren of Lauren Kay Sims, and Juliet Angus.  I’m excited to share some photos as well as my experience in today’s post! (I’m trying really hard to get them to come to Chicago! What do you think?)  If you aren’t familiar with Lolë–they’re now officially one of my favorite activewear brands. (Yes, they are paying me for this collaboration, however, they did not ask me to say that. I am a serious convert to this brand after this trip! Let me explain.) I wasn’t really that familiar with them before I met with the brand team at a conference back in the spring–they’re really popular in Canada, but still relatively new to most people in the U.S.! First, let’s address the obvious: they make cute workout and athleisure clothes. Now, let’s address the not-so-obvious: They’re also focused on making a positive impact–like, they have an entire line made of fabric that was created by recycled plastic bottles (and magically, the material is SO SOFT!) and their swim line is comprised of fabric made from recycled fishnets And oh, by the way, it also happens to have UPF 50 sun protection. If you are, admittedly, like me and slightly suspicious of things like “recycled plastic clothing” that sound like they could fall under the “crunchy granola” category–don’t worry. The best part is, you would never actually know this stuff if you didn’t read the fine print! Their clothing is so comfortable, high quality and their designs are, of course, adorable. The best part is that so many of their items are insanely versatile, great for everything from yoga to brunch to travel to date night. When we visited the Lolë headquarters, we actually learned that every item they design must meet the following four requirements: I absolutely love this, because I feel like most athletic wear only fits into one or two of these categories–you know, “these pants are cute, but they’re see through.” Or “those pants are great for the gym, but I don’t want to wear them to walk around in public.” Or, “that bra is super cute for yoga, but lacks support–I can’t wear that to Orange Theory!” Yada yada yada. Sometimes it feels a little goldilocks-ish, you know? We were outfitted in Lolë all weekend so we could really take advantage of every opportunity to test out their different items and products for several different occasions (not going to lie, at first, I was like “crap. I don’t want to wear athletic wear all weekend!” But after I saw how versatile their athleisure stuff was, I was like YASSS) and I can vouch that the amount of detail and thought that goes into their designs became clear very quickly, and my Lolë items have continued to be repeat outfit offenders since I got home! Okay, so, let’s jump into the main event of why we were there–the white tour!  The brand started the White Tour in 2012, bringing together communities around the world for a massive yoga session to promote unity and peace. Yes, as you might guess, all attendees wear white! It’s truly one of the most unique experiences I’ve ever had, and something every yogi will love. To date, they’ve had more than 50,000 participants! The Montreal event was the grand finale of the 2017 season, and took place on Jacques-Cartier Pier in the Old Port. It was a spectacular view of the city and the water, so being surrounded by thousands of yogis channeling all the good vibes only sweetened the deal! Bilingual instructors lead the crowd in both English and French, and ended with a guided meditation that was both calming and emotional at the same time. The sense of positivity and community was contagious–it was seriously so cool. I wish you could’ve been there! They just came out with this years’ video recap below–with a cameo by yours truly! (But really, don’t you think they should come to Chicago next year?!) I’ll be sharing more details from our trip soon, so stay tuned! (But scroll down to shop my favorite wardrobe staples in the meantime ;-))     Sizing tip: I found that their sizing tends to run slightly large in pants (I wear XS), but true to size for tops! Tough to play favorites, but these might be my favorite workout pants. They just don’t get much cuter than this! The material is also thick, so no show-through, and I love the details in the legs! This is a dress that everyone will love, but is going to be the frequent traveler’s best friend! It’s a super soft, classic t-shirt dress. It’s not too short, not too long, and the perfect weight. You can wear it with heels, wear it with sneakers, out to a fancy dinner, or walking for miles. I love this twist-front pullover! Comes in several colors and is an awesome basic layer that you can throw on to go just about anywhere. The SOFTEST shirt ever. I love that you can wear it to work out over a sports bra or crop (it also has a little bit of a peek-a-boo back!) It looks really cute with jeans, too. Think of what your favorite blanket scarf would be like if made into a vest. (This is it!) Comes in two colors and is so cute with an athleisure-type outfit, or with jeans and booties! I got this mat back in April and it’s been my favorite ever since. It’s super lightweight (so it doesn’t kill my shoulder if I walk around with it after yoga!) but is still cushiony. It has a really nice grip so my feet don’t slide around, and it’s double-sided, too! These leggings are a very close second to the top version–I love the light and dark grey color blocking! These come in more colors, too! They make these absolutely fabulous packable down jackets that are going to be amazzzinnggg in the fall! They pack into a little teeny bag that you can actually use as a pillow on the plane, or easily clip to your backpack during travel. Another super versatile layering piece–this is a dress/vest combination that you can wear so many different ways! I have it in the light pink color, but it comes in grey as well! My OBSESSION. I love this bag so much, I feel like an embarrassing mother who never stops talking about her child. But really, it does SO much. It has so many compartments, a shoe bag, padded pocket for your computer, is convertible into a backpack, has a keychain clip so you never lose your keys in your bag, and also has a sleeve to put your yoga mat through. Yeah, I mean, there are probably some features I’m forgetting because there are so many. (You get it, it’s great. Right?) The SOFTEST tee I have ever put on my body. I love that I can layer it over a tank or sports bra as a pseudo sweater or wear it just as a shirt alone. This button down is so pretty–my friend MacKenzie wore it out one night we were there and I was super jealous, I think this might be my next Lolë purchase! Such a classic staple! Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Travel  
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  August 22, 2017 at 8:26 am This looks amazing! I love that white outfit you’re wearing and those khaki capris and sweater vest for fall! 
Taylor Cannon says  August 22, 2017 at 8:41 am I definitely need to try this brand! I love that they are environmentally conscious but don’t sacrifice quality, style, and functionality to do so.
Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Modest Dresses, Green Coats, Kate Spade Outlet, Blue Heels Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 18, 2019   Sweater: Nordstrom (on sale for $32! Comes in two colors! Runs big, I got XS!) I also got this sweater, which is similar and only $29! I love this one that’s on sale too! Jeans: Rag + Bone (mine are from several years ago and I thought they run big but it looks like the new iteration of these jeans run TTS based on reviews!) I LOVE Rag & Bone jeans and highly recommend them–Shopbop has a great selection of them as does Nordstrom. Cap toe heels: Sam Edelman c/o Shopbop–run big–go down 1/2 size! Trench: London Fog (they make the BEST trench coats–if you need a spring coat, this is my #1 recommendation! It comes with a removable hood and liner! Runs a little big!)  I’m excited to get out of the snow and slush for a few day. (Even though everyone who lives in AZ has been like “you’re getting the worst weather I’m so sorry!”. I find this hilarious. ?I’ll take sunny with a high of 55 degrees over a dreary 20 degrees any day, thank you!)  Anyway, now is the time of year where I get VERY sick of my existing wardrobe and really start craving more color. The catch though, is that it’s still really cold in Chicago. So every time February and March roll around, it’s the “how do I dress Springy but still warm ?” song and dance. It’s a SUPER fun game you’ve probably never had to play unless you live in the Midwest or East Coast. ? Warm sweaters in pretty colors are usually my wardrobe weapon of choice to get me through the chilly end of winter/beginning of spring months. (Because let’s be honest, sweaters are very appropriate and necessary through the end of April.) Thus, how I recently acquired this little striped gem I’m wearing here. It’s definitely one that you’ll wear now and for the next few months!  This sweater (which is on sale for only $32, by the way!!) is one of those things you can put on when you’re having a bad day and instantly get a little mood lift. It makes me so happy. The stripes, the color combos–the fact that you can pair it with just about anything and it will look adorable. It also comes in another color combo which is equally as cute and cheery!  I always like to remind you guys that just because something is bold doesn’t mean that it can’t be versatile, and that is definitely the case with this sweater! Here I chose to pair it with my rag and bone skinny jeans (which are classic with a little tiny does of trendy with the raw hem!) and sweet, feminine cap toe heels–I can’t recommend either of these wardrobe staples enough!  More fun sweaters:    Swap the cap toe heels for tall boots (you know I’m a broken record about how great Blondo boots are because they’re waterproof suede!) or OTK boots (this Steve Madden pair I’ve heard amazing things about from friends is on sale in both tan and black!) and and a pom pom beanie (this one is $11 from Amazon and so cute!)  Swap the jeans for a pair of skinny office trousers!  Swap the jeans for a black faux leather mini skirt. It would look super cute with the cap toe heels but you could also swap for tall boots or black tights with booties as well!  swap heels for a pair of white sneakers. (I just got this pair of Tretorns and I am OBSESSED with them! They are so comfortable and classic–I got the all-white version, but they have a lot more Tretorn styles at Shopbop, too!) You can also swap the dark skinnies for my favorite pair of light-washed Levi’s wedgie jeans–my exact pair are marked down to $68! I shot this outfit on Friday afternoon with my friend Rebecca–do you follow her blog, Everyday Parisian?! It’s so good! We actually became “internet friends” because of YOU GUYS (thank you!!) saying that we had a lot in common and needed to hang out! ?Turns out, we’re also really great real-life friends. She’s the best! We are already scheming about how we need to go to Paris together and what kinds of fun projects we could do! ?? We met up at the Waldorf to help each other shoot some content, and I introduced her to the concept of having to shoot blog photos in single digit weather, but she was a pro and caught on quite quickly. ?We ended the day with a glass of wine and frites at Margeaux Brasserie (also in the Waldorf). It was the best productive afternoon!         Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  February 18, 2019 at 8:12 am I know exactly what you mean! Once mid February hits I want to wear spring colors and sneakers and then I walk outside and think ooops! But don’t really care because I’m so bored of al] my winter clothes. Sweaters in this color palette are the lerfect solution, so bright yet warm!
xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Cathy says  February 18, 2019 at 8:38 pm So bored of my winter wardrobe! It’s at this time of year I typically end of buying a new winter jacket or coat that’s heavily discounted just so I can get out of the rut!! 
Optim Dental Care says  February 21, 2019 at 2:50 am Good post. I was searched this topic. Finally I got the information in this blog. Thanks for posting such a nice article.- dentist in peoria Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Modest Dresses, Tan Coats, Mini Satchels, Grey Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 12, 2017   Ruffled Romper: c/o Chicwish (also available in white, black, light blue!) I also love this cold shoulder lace version! // Shoes:  Loeffler Randall  (On major sale right here! But also here at regular price) I also love this simple version for under $100!  // Bag: Cult Gaia’s Ark Bag (size large!) They’re available now for pre-order! I wrote a whole post on it here if you have any questions about it! //  Hair: curled with the T3 Micro 1.5″ wand + oribe texture spray (hair tutorial on how I get my loose waves right here!) // Earrings: c/o Kendra Scott–I also love this shape! //Necklace: Similar in gold and here in rose gold and similar here (I also did a post on my favorite pieces of dainty gold jewelry over here!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Guys! I’ve spent so much time on Instagram today responding to all of your amazing feedback on yesterdays post – THANK YOU! (I was so nervous to hit publish on that one!) It seems like so many of you have been going through the same thing, especially struggling with the hormonal birth control thing and I’m so glad that I decided to talk about it openly because it looks like SO MANY OF US have this in common!! Why is nobody talking about it?! I’m going to be doing a follow-up Q&A post, per popular request, on my experience with the copper IUD, so if you have specific questions, feel free to message me (or you can anonymously submit them right here!) Per my note in the post about taking more notice of what I’m putting in my body, I just placed a big Beautycounter order (based on so many of your recommendations, and Blair’s rave reviews) which will be a big step in the right direction of slowly switching more of my skincare products over to non-toxic options! I ordered the plumping facial oil, rejuvenating eye cream (Blair swears by this one!), all over SPF sunscreen (I don’t use sunscreen every day which is SO BAD! Shame on me!) and this lipstick in “coral.” To be honest, I’m still pretty leery about a lot of “natural” makeup. I guess I’m still not over the stigma that natural makeup isn’t as good as regular makeup, but let’s hope it proves me wrong! I’ll keep you posted! Some other good “safer” beauty options you guys told me about were Drunk Elephant, Biossance, Ursa Major! (Coincidentally, I just tried their Vitamin C serum last night and LOVE it!) I’ll definitely be doing a lot of posts along the way about the new products I’m trying/using, too.  In other news, I’m going to dinner with Blair, Kelly, and Shaheen tonight (by tonight, I mean, as I’m writing this blog post, which I now realize will be past tense when you read this tomorrow!) I’m so excited to see them! It’s my “unbirthday” dinner, because I never like making a big deal out of my birthday, but Kelly was being bossy so I agreed to do an “unbirthday” dinner  Also, I’m working on one of my coolest projects to date tomorrow afternoon and all day on Thursday. I’m honestly not sure what I’m allowed to share or not share at this point, but I will post some sneak peaks on Instagram stories if I can  Can’t wait to tell you more details! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Okay and COUPLE more things…    1. Do you have a favorite bug spray that actually works? If you look closely in these photos you will see bug bites ALL OVER MY BODY. It’s not a joke people, I am a walking buffet when it comes to mosquitos and I am beside myself with what to go whenever I go to the lake house. NOTHING WORKS. Please send recommendations! 2. This romper, obviously, is worth discussing! I have seen rompers like this and was unsure if I would be able to pull them off or if they were strictly reserved for those super fancy fashioney fashion bloggers but I was pleasantly surprised. I love the adorable little bow detail, the fluttery sleeves, and the fact that it’s only $50! (All good things, you know.) It comes in so many colors, too! Anddd you already know about these sandals that are on sale here (more sizes here and here, but they aren’t on sale. Womp womp.) because I won’t stop talking about them. Anddd did you know I answered all reader questions on the Cult Gaia Ark bag in this post a couple weeks back? So, yeah…I think we’re all caught up on the outfit front!    Because I can’t get enough of ruffles lately, I’m also linking some of my favorite ruffled items below! (All but one of them under $100, too!)  Polka Dots & Ruffles My fave new tee! Tie Back Ruffle Top Gingham goodness Little Yellow Frock The perfect tee Sweet Gingham Breezy tank Vintage Flair Popover Ruffle Dress Adorable tiers Nautical Ruffles Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Anne says  July 12, 2017 at 7:14 am I am excited to hear your thoughts on more natural skincare and makeup products! I have made the decision to make the switch gradually as my current products run out and the Ursa Major serum looks like it may be just the thing to replace the C serum I am using and about out of. 
Joules says  July 12, 2017 at 9:22 am I’m not usually a big romper fan, but this one is gorgeous and you are rocking it! Style by Joules 
Tia Perciballi says  July 12, 2017 at 10:04 am Mosquitos are THE WORST. Last fall, I was in Mexico with friends and I got over 100 bites despite spraying my entire body with bug spray every couple of hours and wearing citronella bracelets. Everyone else got maybe 0-8 bites total. I remember we were eating outside and I was wearing a long shirt, long pants, and closed toe shoes, and they were still biting my fingers instead of biting the guys in our group who were wearing their swimsuits. Then last November, I was in GA and somehow despite being indoors the whole time, got 50+ bites, broke out in a fever, and had to go to urgent care! My MIL then told me that she heard taking Vitamin B1 (not B6/B12) makes you smell bad to mosquitos. I started taking it during my trip to Florida a couple months ago and only got a couple bites. Then I was at the lake this past weekend and got maybe 5 total! http://www.tiaperciballi.com 
Jess says  July 12, 2017 at 11:07 am NO WAY! OMG I am TOTALLY trying this!! Thank you Tia!! 
Tia Perciballi says  July 12, 2017 at 11:24 am No problem! I only took it two days in advance of my lake house trip and then forgot to bring them with me! Next time I’m going to start taking it a week in advance AND everyday while I’m on the trip and see what happens! 
Samantha Tananbaum says  July 12, 2017 at 10:33 am ALL the ruffles! Love this romper on you! Hope you had a fun night with the girls! xx
Sam 
Amber Tiller says  July 12, 2017 at 11:31 am This is such a sweet post Jess!  I love the outfit and your pictures are stunning, you look so pretty!!!! 
Stacy says  July 12, 2017 at 2:29 pm My husband just bought me a portable Thermacell mosquito repellant thing because I get bit by mosquitoes ALL the time! So I’m excited to try that thing out next time we go camping. I typically use Off’s Family Care Smooth and Dry bug spray and it does a pretty good job. It still smells like bug spray, but it doesn’t have that greasy feeling that most bug sprays give you.
I’m definitely going to have to try Vitamin B1 though! Not smelling like bug spray or having to carry anything around, would be awesome! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Wedge Sandals, Black Heel Booties, Bralettes, Blue Cocktail Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 14, 2015   Dress: c/o Boohoo.com // Bag: Old Vince Camuto, sadly I cannot find a replica // Sandals: Old but I like this pair better anyway! (order size down!) // Necklace: Old but similar here // Bracelets: Busywrist // Ring: Kendra Scott Branson Open Ring  You guys know I’m not really one for fashion rules. White after Labor Day? Psh.  You also know I’m one for white lace dresses. Stripes and white dresses you guys–I need more of them like I need a hole in my head. But I just can’t stop. When you like something, you like something, am I right?




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Moving on, my point is that this dress is amazing and will look even cuter with booties and a leather jacket. Why would I banish her to the closet for fall?  (Pssst..it also comes in black. Which I may just have to order for winter.)        



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Brittney says  September 14, 2015 at 8:26 am Never! Its such a silly rule…what merit is there behind it!? Wear what makes you happy is my philosophy!!
Hugs, Brit
http://www.bubblyandbold.ca 
Jess says  September 14, 2015 at 9:43 am I couldn’t have said it better myself, Brittney!  Have a great week, lady! 
Jess Zimlich says  September 14, 2015 at 9:24 am Gorgeous, girlfriend!! As for me, I’ve never been one to follow the rules  Here’s to a great week! 26 and Not Counting 
Jess says  September 14, 2015 at 9:43 am Thanks lady!! Me too  We’re in the same boat! Have an awesome week love! 
Kelly in the City says  September 14, 2015 at 9:46 am The memories…  
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  September 14, 2015 at 11:02 am Gorgeous! That dress is stunning – I bet it would be equally fabulous in black, too.  
Shelby says  September 14, 2015 at 11:37 am Rules are meant to be broken! Haha..SUCH a cute dress!! http://www.ivyandbirchblog.com/ 
Carly says  September 14, 2015 at 1:25 pm I am OBSESSED with this dress!!!! You’re a beaut.
ALSO. I feel the need to inform you that earlier today I played with THE MOST PICTURE PERFECT baby French bulldog. He was only 3 months old and velvety soft and I am still not okay.
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  September 14, 2015 at 4:16 pm Gorgeous dress! It looks great on you! Her Heartland Soul http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Olivia says  September 14, 2015 at 4:25 pm I almost picked this dress off the boohoo site! It looks gorgeous on you, and I am all about wearing white after Labor Day. It’s too hard not to! 
Laura Jane Atelier says  September 15, 2015 at 1:53 am Your dress is so pretty, I love the all white  xo  http://www.laurajaneatelier.com 
Alyssa Thomas says  September 15, 2015 at 6:00 am I so don’t follow that rule! I love a white dress with black accessories in winter! You look gorgeous. Love your lipcolor too!  Alyssa | Glitter and Grey 
Public Lives, Secret Recipes says  September 15, 2015 at 6:44 am One of my favorite looks!! Love this dress!
http://www.publiclivessecretrecipes.com/2015/09/cookie-dough-popsicle-recipe.html 
Anna says  September 15, 2015 at 7:17 am Love this dress so much! You look lovely x http://thecornishlife.co.uk 
Heidi D. says  September 15, 2015 at 2:08 pm You like ok so pretty Jess! Love this dress. And there are no rules in fashion:) Wishes & Reality Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tees, Grey Pumps Shoes, Gold Pumps Shoes, Frayed Shorts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 17, 2017   I’m not usually one to jump on every trend bandwagon, but have you seen all the scalloped sandals lately!? Eeee! Could they BE any cuter? (**Chandler Bing reference**) If you’re like me, you can’t get enough of any feminine detail of any kind. Scallops are really up my alley. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

When this trend first came out, it was pioneered by the likes of Chloe and Loeffler Randall, but luckily, I’m seeing so many pairs pop up that are way less $$$, too! No matter what your budget is, I’ve rounded up my favorites below. (Well, except no Chloe sandals. This girl can’t afford that, who are we kidding. Maybe 2018 goals.)  Sam Edelman does it again! I absolutely love these adorable everyday sandals. With the low heel, you can wear them pretty much anywhere without your feet hurting! $120 Schutz always makes the coolest shoes, and these are no exception! I love the black and white + the tassel ankle tie! These are the shoes you wear to take your outfit to the next level. $190 The cutest flat sandals! They’re a perfect everyday sandal for the summer. (They also come in gold, below!) $64 These are SUCH a steal. They look expensive, but are only $69! They also stock them on Zappos in about 100 different colors.  The adorable Sole Society flats from above, in gold! $69 Whenever I go on a beach vacation, for whatever reason, I NEVER have good flip flops. You always forget about those, right? I think my plastic 10 year old Gap flip flops need to be replaced with these pretties. $68 The Sam Edelmans from above, in black! $120  I found these boho beauties on Etsy! They’re handmade in Indonesia, and you can choose from tons of colors! $110 These are so similar to my favorite Loeffler Randall Emi sandals (below!) but are only $79! If you can’t swing the real deal, these are a very good second place  The shoes you see above! (Also come in black!) They’re just so beautiful, and the wedge makes them really practical! $350 If you prefer more dainty sandals, these are for you! Of course, Loeffler Randall. Swoon. $250 These leather grecian sandals with scalloped detail are so pretty! Anthro for the win! $148 I think these are my favorite on the list. I’m 95% sure I’m going to wear these for my wedding shoes but I haven’t pulled the trigger yet. What do you think? $325 The $79 steal from above made by Chinese Laundry–but in nude! They also stock them on Zappos in about 100 different colors.  Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tunic Dresses, Denim Dresses, Mules, Light Blue Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 19, 2018  If you follow me on Instagram stories, you’ll remember I did a poll a few weeks back and asked, “are we embracing the return of the jean skirt!?” It was an exact 50-50 spit! For the half of you who gave the trend a big fat “N-O”–I hear you, really. I understand that the thought of a jean skirt may evoke very strong memories of the ever-popular Abercrombie 3 inch-long-dress-code-infraction skirt from high-school. (Fun fact: the only times I ever got detention in school were due to Abercrombie-induced dress code infractions and being chronically late class. Some things change, some things don’t ?) Anyway, the OTHER half of you were like, “YES. JEAN SKIRTS! THIS IS SOMETHING I CAN GET BEHIND!” I happen to fall more into that camp–for good reason, I promise. ? My goal today to convince you skeptics that the jean skirt is about to be your new best friend once more. (Don’t worry, the hemlines have gotten longer since our glory days ?) Without further adieu, let’s jump in–where I show you four very different yet very tasteful ways to wear a jean skirt, no matter what your style! First thing’s first, let’s talk about the Number Uno of today’s post: the denim skirt!  I had been browsing around for different denim skirts for a few days, looking for one that wasn’t distressed (I like a bit of raw hem because I think it contrasts nicely with classic, girly, and modern pieces which make up the bulk of my wardrobe) but I didn’t want it ripped or anything. (You know me–not exactly “miss edgy” up in here.) I also love the PRICE on this guy–$49!! That’s pretty tough to beat, don’t you think!? Sizing: As with all Topshop, this skirt does run small. For example, you order a 2 in Topshop, it’s going to be a 0 in most other sizes. (Which is what I ordered, but honestly I probably couldn’t gone another size up!) Other similar styles: this skirt also comes in black denim! This other Topshop version is almost identical–the only difference is the front seam! A.Golde also makes one (and they’re famous for their cult-classic high-waisted jean shorts, so I’m sure their skirt is also amazing!) Shopbop also sells a bunch of cute denim skirts!  Peplum blouse: Topshop (also comes in lot’s of other colors here, I’ve been dying for this green! Runs small!), Skirt: Topshop (runs small–make sure to size up!) and also comes in black denim! This other Topshop version is almost identical–the only difference is the front seam! A.Golde also makes one (and they’re famous for their cult-classic high-waisted jean shorts, so I’m sure their skirt is also amazing!) Shopbop also sells a bunch of cute denim skirts! Espadrilles: Soludos via Shopbop (also available at Nordstrom) Shop more espadrilles here! Straw bag: vintage, but this tote is super cute and similar and only $99! (It’s also packable–so nice for vacation! I think I need for Italy!) OMG also, this designer dupe circular straw bag is $49 from B.P.!! I need this ASAP! I also love the mod version of this round woven version with the white leather–it’s also under $100! Shopbop has a TON of adorable straw bags as well! When I saw this adorable polka dot peplum blouse, I knew it had to be mine! It’s playful, feminine, dainty, girly, and super-duper flattering, all in one! I can’t wait to wear it all through spring and summer! You know how I always talk about my “juxtaposition rule” that I use when getting dressed? That’s what makes this look work so well–the raw hem of the skirt adds just a tiny bit of edge, and makes it a bit more casual–which contrasts really nicely with the feminine details of the blouse! To strike the right dressy/casual balance, I added an espadrille wedge–which I absolutely LOVE. These are made by Soludos, and they’re super comfy–I also love that they’re close-toed, which means you can start wearing them now even if it’s still a little chilly out!    Striped tee: J.Crew’s “Perfect Tee”–also comes in navy/white stripe version as well as lot’s of solid colors! Skirt: Topshop (runs small–make sure to size up!) and also comes in black denim! This other Topshop version is almost identical–the only difference is the front seam! A.Golde also makes one (and they’re famous for their cult-classic high-waisted jean shorts, so I’m sure their skirt is also amazing!) Leather Jacket: From Italy (I got it while studying abroad in college) but this one, this one, and this one are all similar and amazing prices! Sneakers: Jack Purcell – thinking about getting some White Converse sneakers too! (Going to order on Shopbop b/c of the super fast shipping! Shop Converse here!) It’s hard to pick a favorite look out of all of these outfits, but this one might be my favorite. It almost reminds me a little bit of “Now and Then”–don’t you think? All that’s missing is my beach cruiser ? I have this tee in other colors and honestly when I saw it online I didn’t think much of it, but then I happened to see it in person and had to have it! I’m not usually one drawn to whimsical colors and patterns like this, but it’s just so fun! (Without being too over the top!) I think crisp, white sneakers always add the most classic touch to any outfit.     Button down: Available at Nordstrom and J.Crew Leather Jacket: From Italy (I got it while studying abroad in college) but this one, this one, and this one are all similar and amazing prices! Shoes: Everlane Day Heels (run small, size up!) Bag: Madewell Transport Tote Skirt: Topshop (runs small–make sure to size up!) and also comes in black denim! This other Topshop version is almost identical–the only difference is the front seam! A.Golde also makes one (and they’re famous for their cult-classic high-waisted jean shorts, so I’m sure their skirt is also amazing!) Can we talk about this button down!? I mean, really. Could it be any more perfect? I think it was made for me. A little french girl, a little classic prep. If you’re worried about a jean skirt not looking polished enough, this is a great way to style it–a collared button down goes a long way in classing any item up, and these shoes are the perfect height to pair with it as well! They’re not too high, and they’re insanely comfortable! For more french girl style, see how to tie a bandana like a french girl, my favorite french girl brand, & french inspired style.     Loafers: Gucci Brixton Loafers (Sam Edelman Lior Loafers are a great budget-friendly dupe and come in tons of colors. I have them in leopard and they are so comfy and run TTS! Sam Edelman is one of my #1 favorite shoe brands, so whenever I look for new shoes, I check Sam Edelman first! You can shop more Sam Edelman right here!) Shirt: Everlane (there’s a whole FAQ post on it right over here!) Skirt: Topshop (runs small–make sure to size up!) and also comes in black denim! This other Topshop version is almost identical–the only difference is the front seam! A.Golde also makes one (and they’re famous for their cult-classic high-waisted jean shorts, so I’m sure their skirt is also amazing!) Leather Jacket: From Italy (I got it while studying abroad in college) but this one, this one, and this one are all similar and amazing prices! This outfit is for all my minimalist girls out there! I don’t think this is the typical style that comes to mind when you think “jean skirt” – so I wanted to prove to you guys that this really can work for any kind of style and so many different occasions! (Did I succeed!?) Sometimes, black and white makes the best combination! Plus, this is an ideal way to style your jean skirt right now, with all this crazy in-between weather we’ve been having! (Closed toed shoes + long sleeves FTW!)    SaveSaveSaveSave Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Outfits, Style  
Abby says  March 19, 2018 at 10:53 am Alright… I think you convinced me! 
Allie says  March 19, 2018 at 1:18 pm I’m so excited the jean skirt is back! I love the ways you style it. They all look cool and vlassic and not at all Abercrombie. Perfect skirt choice too! xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
AMANDA B MAHONY says  March 20, 2018 at 3:11 pm these photos look amazing! did you get a lighting setup or something, they look different. nice work! 
Marissa says  March 21, 2018 at 10:26 am I’ve always liked denim skirts – I’m glad they’re “in” now!  Great styling ideas! 
Stella Gough says  June 16, 2018 at 2:07 am You are looking stunning in this skirt. If you want to buy more skirts then check out Jeans oasis denim skirt. 
Jay Koka says  June 16, 2018 at 2:08 am You are looking stunning in this skirt. If you want to buy more skirts then check out Jeans oasis denim skirt. 
Jay Koka says  June 16, 2018 at 2:11 am You are looking stunning in this skirt. If you want to buy more skirts then check out Jeans oasis denim skirt. It is designed from high-quality fabric. Thanks for sharing it. It is a very nice blog… 
Madras Skirt says  July 19, 2018 at 5:34 pm Jean skirts are absolutely very sexy if paired with the right tops. Nothing more sexier than wearing a jean skirt. […] favorite Chicago blogger, Jess from thegoldengirl.com! I have been loving denim skirts and this peplum blouse is a great transition for […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Brown Flat Shoes, Stuart Weitzman Pumps, Denim Mini Skirts, Embroidered and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 19, 2016   Shirt: Banana Republic // Jeans: Henry & Belle // Bag: Vintage Louis Vuitton Speedy 30 // Vintage Scarf: A sweet gift from my friend Jill, but this Etsy shop has a TON of them! // Sunnies: Forever 21 (love these too!) // Shoes: Keds   




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Yippee! So excited to share the very first of many Paris posts today! First up: One of my favorite sights in Paris. There were so many places in the city of lights that I wish we could go back to in a heartbeat, but at the tip top of the list is probably the Luxembourg Gardens. If you think central park is beautiful, just wait until you see this place. We spent our first full day in Paris roaming around and eventually making our way here–walking from the 11th Arrondissement, across the Seine (obligatory bridge pic below), stopping at Notre Dame, and on through the gardens–of course, with plenty of stops for espresso in between. (Speaking of, Le Rostand is an adorable cafe with a beautiful view of the gardens, if you’re looking for a pick-me-up nearby!)   The weather in Paris was a little chilly when we arrived, which was a welcome excuse to wear my leather jacket! (I got mine when I studied abroad in Italy, but this one is similar and on sale!) The weather can change in an instant (much like Chicago, but even more dramatic!) so I’d definitely recommend keeping a sweater or jacket on you at all times. My bag, believe it or not, is big enough to fit this jacket rolled up inside of it–so it was a great choice for the day.  Other classic staples like this striped button down, white Keds, and dark skinny jeans (they hide dirt and stains so much better than light wash jeans!) I also picked up these fun round sunnies for just a few bucks! (Which is perfect, because I’m very prone to losing them, haha!)  We fully meant to pack a picnic and get back to the gardens before the end of our trip, but there was so much to do, it sadly never happened! (DARN. I guess we’ll just have to go back!) There is also an adorable cafe inside where you can sit and enjoy an espresso or a ham and cheese sandwich–I also loved that they had an endless amount of chairs sprinkled throughout the gardens, so you always had a place to sit and admire the view.            Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Travel  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  July 19, 2016 at 8:25 am I love those jeans on you! And Paris is gorgeous! 
Catherine Marks says  July 19, 2016 at 9:23 am Luxembourg Gardens is my favorite place in Paris too (and that was after living there for three months)! You have good taste. 
xo,
Catherine
http://www.classiccatherine.com 
Jenn Lake says  July 19, 2016 at 9:46 am Loving these amazing pics! Can’t wait for more Paris posts!!! 
Jenna Hazel says  July 19, 2016 at 11:26 am This is adorable! Seriously, Jess, you are the cutest!!! 
Alyssa J Freitas says  July 19, 2016 at 7:36 pm So cute, Jess! I have been to Paris and am a particular fan of the Musee d’Orsay 
Mary Fremeau says  July 19, 2016 at 8:12 pm I loved studying abroad in Paris in college! Your outfit is totally adorable, and you look so pretty! Loving everything about this 
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Lindsey Simon says  July 21, 2016 at 12:39 pm What a perfectly Parisian outfit! Gorgeous photos! Love, Lindsey
http://www.thenomisniche.com/ 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  July 22, 2016 at 9:48 am so cute!! 
Tina Preston says  November 4, 2019 at 5:44 pm What lovely pictures. I would go to visit Luxembourg in a heartbeat given the opportunity I have family there I have never met. […] neck scarf trend. Have you tried it?! I’m obsessed with the way Jess has perfected the look (here, here, here, here…seriously, can she do no wrong?!). While I definitely don’t feel like […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And Gold Jewelry, Leather Watches, Off Shoulder Black Dresses, Lingerie Panties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 15, 2018   Dress: Faithful the Brand c/o Shopbop (also bought this gingham version that is absolutely adorable and really soft!) Bag: Amazon Shoes: Sam Edelman Yaro Jean Jacket: J.Crew Sunnies: Amazon  Hoop earrings: c/o Vo Jewelry (also similar here from Baublebar) Hi guys!  Hope you’re having a great week! It’s been a bit of whirlwind over here–writing this on the plane as we speak on the way home from Nantucket! (Did you see my Instagram stories? You should’ve SEEN the plane we took from Boston to Nantucket and back. ? It was literally a 9 seater tin can. Or as my new friend Caylin, who I met on our trip, described it– “a lawn mower with wings.”  Anyway, tin can aside, the trip was so much fun. It was a media trip with Cercone Brown, a PR agency I work with (and one of my absolute favorites!) They have a program called #CBCSummerHouse and essentially put up a group of bloggers and editors in a big house on Nantucket and partner with a bunch of brands to organize all of these really fun activities! I can’t wait to tell you more about it in my recap post soon! It was so cool to be part of and also really great to get to know a lot of these brands on a deeper level. On another note-shifting gears here, I PROMISE I am also working on an Italy packing post. You know me-I tend to fly by the seat of my pants, so the reason I haven’t posted one yet is because, well, I don’t really pack until the last minute ? Plan on one coming up next week, though! (Fingers crossed I can pull it off in time–packing posts are VERY time consuming!)  Annnyway–today, I am sharing some cute little dresses that I got recently with Italy in mind. They’re all great for travel in their own different ways–who isn’t in the market for a great versatile dress that works well on lot’s of different trips?!  When I saw this dress on Shopbop, I knew it had to be mine. I absolutely LOVE red and polka dots. It’s part mini mouse, part 60’s mod–and I also wore a red polka dot top (stolen from my roommate Kate’s closet) on my first real date with Neal–so you could say red things with polka dots have a special place in both of our hearts!  The shape is super flattering, with a short hemline, a square neckline, thin straps, a cute cut-out tie detail in the back–the shape and linen material will keep you cool! To me, it strikes the perfect amount of sweet and sexy, while being practical at the same time.  I’m planning on wearing it in Italy with these flats I just got from Everlane and my favorite white sneakers (which I will inevitably photograph, obvi, stay tuned) so I thought for this post, I’d dress it up with my favorite pair of comfy heels to further show it’s versatility. This would be so cute to wear to any semi-dressy summer function–from a rehearsal dinner to bachelorette party!       This dress has a similar silhouette to my polka dot dress featured here, but gingham, and a corset-style top. I was a little leery of the bra-like top because it looks like it might be uncomfortable or too risqué but it really isn’t! I also love the bow details on the straps! This cute dress is suitable for daytime exploring and night time dinners. Again, no risk of the skirt blowing up, so it’s ideal for everything from Chianti wine tasting to picnicking at Piazza Michelangelo. I love this dress because the silhouette is so simple, the material is comfy, but the stripes are so bold yet classic at the same time. I’m planning to wear it around all day with sneakers in Italy. It’s great because there’s no risk of the skirt blowing up! Sizing: Runs TTS, but size up if you want it on the looser side You guys see me wear this on Instagram stories ALL the time–it’s so comfortable, keeps you cool, and can be worn with virtually anything–on the plane, to the beach, to a casual dinner, or a day of European exploring–I love it! Comes in black and olive, too! Sizing: oversized, so go down if you like your things a bit more form fitting. You saw me style it in this outfit post–of course, another Everlane piece! You know I love their items for so many reasons and this embodies all of them–versatile, high quality, practical, simple, yet beautiful. Like everything else on this list–you can wear it with heels, flats, sneakers, espadrilles–you name it! The fabric is also wrinkle resistant which makes it ideal for any trip! I absolutely LOVE the color of this dress, and the silhouette is extremely flattering. It’s short enough to show some leg, but not TOO short. I wore it to a rehearsal dinner last weekend with the heels I’m wearing above and it was perfect! It would be ideal for a wedding weekend where there are lot’s of activities and you aren’t sure what to wear–or for a more low-key/non Vegas bachelorette party! ? It would also look just as cute with flat sandals and sneakers for a day of exploring museums. Filed Under: Outfits, Packing Lists, Style, Travel  
Allie says  June 15, 2018 at 8:34 am I love that striped dress. A nice square neckline is so flattering. I also love the red and white polka dots, it’s so cute and the perfect amount of 90s throwback. xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Dorota says  June 17, 2018 at 6:47 am I love the color of the last dress as well, it’s very fresh. Unfortunately, apparently warm shades of colors don’t fit me so I can’t get it, but nevertheless it’s beautiful. Your red dress is also very chic. No wonder you love it, I also remember what I was wearing during my first date with my boyfriend. Btw. I really like your hair, have to look on this blog if you wrote something about it.
Dorota
http://www.fetchcandle.wordpress.com 
Varuna Jithesh says  June 18, 2018 at 5:28 am Nice and Perfect looking outfits.. 
Rent A Car In Dubai says  February 19, 2019 at 9:11 am color is really matter in outfits, Nice content , Thanks for sharing 
Tina Preston says  November 4, 2019 at 5:49 pm Be still my heart girl!! That dress is adorable and my gosh the sandals are too cute. I love the red and white !! Very cute and looks great on you. The red toes?? Adorable!! Love your posts  XOXOXO Tina Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Mini Skirts, Black And White Dresses, High Waist Flare Pants, Gold Flat Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 7, 2017   Sweater: Nordstrom (selling out quick, so act fast! Also comes in black! It is the SOFTEST sweater I’ve ever owned! Runs TTS, but you could easily size up if you wanted it to be slouchier!) This sweater also looks similar and SO soft, but cardigan style! Leather leggings: Commando–also run TTS and are very stretchy! The Spanx version is also a crowd-pleaser! Booties: SARTO–they’re on sale too for 30% off, which brings them down to only $89! They run TTS. Coat: sold out (WAH!) and I can’t find a similar one! Gooood morning and Happy Thursday! Things are busy as ever over here in full holiday content mode! I’ve also made some significant strides in getting back on the healthy wagon after several weeks of eating garbage and skipping workouts because I just didn’t have time (Excuses. I know.) For one, I made it back into Orange Theory twice this week so I’m glad to be getting back into that routine. I took yesterday off because I was super sore but planning to make it at least two more times this week! I go to the Bucktown location and usually go to Sean’s classes. I made the mistake of asking him how his Thanksgiving was and he was like, “HAVE YOU NOT BEEN HERE SINCE THEN?! YOU’RE SUCH A SLACKER!” ? Second, I did a hardcore Trader Joe’s run on Sunday (my Instagram ladies know I always share my latest TJ’s obsessions on Insta stories, if you want to come over and geek out with us ?). As a result, I’ve been stocked up for healthy meals all week! Yassssss. With work being so busy and Thanksgiving, I really let my healthy eating habits go and I definitely noticed it taking a toll on my body, especially with my skin. I’ve learned so much about health and how what you put in your body affects what it looks like on the outside–whenever I’m eating badly, it really causes my hormonal acne to flair up. (If you’re wondering why you can’t see it in photos, it’s because it’s on the sides of my face and you can’t see it from straight on!) Essentially–eating poorly puts your hormones out of whack, inflames your body, and causes everything from weight gain to fatigue to headaches–you name it! If you also have problems with breakouts, there’s a high likelihood it’s linked to your diet. One of my Instagram fam (shout out to Jenna!) yesterday recommended a website called Clear Skin Forever and I totally went down a rabbit hole on it last night! It helps explain which foods maybe causing flair ups and is definitely worth a read. So, I guess you could say, it feels good to be back on the wagon  ANYWAY. Today’s post is NOT about Jessica’s kale consumption, it’s actually about my favorite cozy sweaters that I’ve been loving lately. So–let’s shift gears, yeah?   This outfit is such a classic, casual combination that I have revisited quite a few times even in the last few weeks. It’s great for a casual holiday party, or even for work, if your office has decided to scratch the whole business casual thing like so many places do these days! (Why doesn’t every office do this? It’s ridiculous, really!) First up, let’s talk about this sweater, comprised of the softest material I’ve ever put on my body. If you’re someone who likes to feel like they’re wearing really really really soft blankets at all times, you will die over this sweater. It’s $80 too–so it won’t break the bank! It also comes in black, which I am contemplating taking the plunge on ? I find it runs true to size, but is also one of those sweaters where you could go up a size if you wanted it to be a bit more slouchy. Here I’m wearing an XS. It happens to pair QUITE nicely with your favorite leather leggings–which, by the way, I always get so many questions about! The pair I’m wearing are by Commando, which Shaheen and Kelly both own and rave about! (They’re actually borrowed from Shaheen because mine that I typically wear were in the wash ?) I got my pair years ago, but I usually recommend the Spanx leather leggings because they make some of my favorites and I think all their leggings are super well-made! That being said, I really loved the Commando ones too! They’re definitely thinner and have more of a real leather look than some of the other pairs I’ve seen! Like the Spanx ones, they also have a control top as well, which is awesome! I love these boots. They are so versatile and comfortable–the toes aren’t too pointy but not too round, and the heels aren’t too high, or too low! Did I mention they’re also on sale, and come in tan? Yusss.   You remember this sweater from my latest capsule wardrobe post (where I styled it two ways!) as well as this post we shot up at the lake house over Thanksgiving! Comes in grey and black too!  Also shot at the lake (how beautiful are the leaves?!) this is the Christmas sweater to end all Christmas sweaters. Red. Pom poms. Cableknit. HELLO what is more festive!? I’d size up when in doubt with this sweater, because it’s  a little shorter than most. (I’m wearing a small and I’ve been ordering XS lately.) See the full post over here.  If you prefer your sweaters to be a little longer in length, this is a great option! The ties on the sleeves also add such a pretty, feminine touch! (Runs really big! Size down!) See the full post here!  If you’ve been looking for super chunky knit cardigan, this is a great one! Basically like wearing your Grandma’s knit blanket in the best way possible. (Your husband will not appreciate it, but you will.) See how I styled it several ways in October’s Capsule Wardrobe Remix series!  Finally, my other favorite super duper soft sweater, and one my favorite wardrobe staples–the Gibson Convertible Sweater! It comes in TONS of colors, and you can wear it off the shoulder OR cowl neck. I’ve also worn it to bed before because it’s that comfortable, haha! I also wore it just last weekend with skinny jeans (my favorite Rag & Bones I’m wearing here are re-stocked! Hooray!) and pumps out to the bar! (Runs big, size down!) You can also see it styled four ways in this capsule wardrobe remix post!  I couldn’t leave Neal’s favorite sweater out of the mix! ? I know gift ideas for guys are in high demand right now (Neal’s gift guide is coming next week!) so I wanted to highlight this Schott NYC sweater. He wears it all the time and I think he looks so handsome in it! He loves this brand, and it would make an awesome gift! SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Taylor Cannon says  December 7, 2017 at 7:48 am Such a cute look! I love seeing the ways you style the leather leggings! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Emily Daley says  December 7, 2017 at 9:56 am I got the Halogen tie sleeve sweater in my last Trunk Club order and for the life of me could not tie the sleeves properly. You make them look so nice and cute whereas mine looked like shoelaces tied by a 4 year old. What’s your secret? […] Jess from The Golden Girl Blog […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Cosmetic Bags, Black Turtleneck Sweaters, Knit Turtlenecks, White And Blue Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 6, 2019   This post sponsored by Nordstrom and ShopStyle. All opinions are 110% my own! Thank you so much for supporting the brands that allow me to continue creating the best content I possibly can, for YOU, my best girls!  GOOOD morning!!  I am SO excited for the weekend because we’re celebrating our two year wedding anniversary! (It feels like yesterday and at the same time so many years ago.) We’ll be doing a staycation at our favorite hotel, The Waldorf Astoria–we are counting down the seconds until we can close our laptops and head there for check in! Early September is our favorite time of year (it’s also when we started dating!) because it’s right when the weather starts to cool down, and time seems to slow down a little bit.  Today’s post is one you’re going to love, I think, speaking of cooling temperatures–I’m excited to be teaming up with Nordstrom to style one of fall’s most adored staples–the plaid flannel! You guys know there are 100 reasons to love Nordstrom–their buy online + pickup option, super easy and flexible returns, free shipping, and Nordstrom notes where you can earn cashback in Nordstrom dollars to go toward future purchases! (By the way, if you shopped the Nordstrom Anniversary sale, you likely have a Nordstrom note you can apply to your fall purchases, so make sure to check your account!)  But another even MORE amazing reason to love Nordstrom? They partner with factories that promote women worker empowerment through HERproject! That means whenever you shop their own Nordstrom-Made brands (my favorites being Treasure & Bond, Leith, BP, Caslon, and Halogen, to name a few!) you help to facilitate partnerships that enable workplace-based interventions on health, financial inclusion, and gender equality. You can read more about that right here!  Anyway–let’s get into today’s topic: the plaid flannel!   
  I think it’s easy to write off a plaid flannel as “lumberjack chic” or “only meant for jeans or leggings” but the truth is–a flannel can be much more versatile than you think! I’ll show you how.  First, let’s start out by talking about WHICH plaid flannel to go with? Well, you have endless choices (and of course, you can most definitely create this with any flannel in your wardrobe), but if you’re in the market for a new one, I really love the version I’m wearing here! Here are a few reasons why I love it:  Super soft, not too hot: It’s a rayon blend, which is insanely soft and cozy without being overly hot. (Which, as I’m sure you know, can be the one downside of flannel–hello overheating!) Not too thick, easy to wear long or tucked in: I also like that it isn’t too thick, so it drapes really beautifully when you tuck it in!  Versatile pattern/color: I LOVE a great black and white flannel. I find this color scheme to be the most versatile when it comes to styling plaids. Of course, I love a red plaid, but that feels Christmassy to me, whereas a more neutral plaid you can wear September through even April. I love that this plaid has a little subtle pop of yellow that makes it different and fun.  Easy to dress up or down: Many flannels can be super thick and nubby, making them a lot harder to “dress up” so to speak–but as I mentioned above, it’s a really lovely fabric, so you can still dress it up and make it look much more polished than a typical flannel!  It helps put good into the world: In addition to being made in a factory that focuses on empowering women workers, the brand who makes this shirt, Treasure & Bond (a Nordstrom Made brand) is one of my favorite brands not just because they make cute, quality clothes, but also because 2.5% of their sales are donated to organizations that empower youth!  Sizing + fit notes: The fit is supposed to be oversized. I’m typically an XS or S depending on how I want something to fit, typically don’t like my shirts TOO loose–so I went with an XS here and I’m glad I did! If you want it looser, go with your regular size, if you want it tighter, go a size down. I think going with the smaller size made it easier to tuck in.  Okay, let’s get into how to style this cute shirt, yes!?   I LOVE a great flannel with jean shorts–it’s my favorite thing to wear in the fall when it’s still warm but there’s a little bit of chill in the air. Perfect for a lake house weekend or day drinks soaking up the last of patio season! ()  Jean shorts: These jean shorts (also Treasure & Bond!) are my favorite budget-friendly jean shorts! They are SO. SOFT and so comfy. I also like that they aren’t TOO short–they have a step hem so they’re shorter in the front than in the back, so you get that extra coverage where you want it! PLUS, they’re on sale right now! Read my full review of them in this post! In terms of sizing, I ordered my normal size (size 25) and they’re a little bit loose. If you want them tighter, size down. They’re very stretchy!  Sneakers: Are duh, the sneakers I wear everywhere, always! (If you’re new here, I wear them in basically like every other blog post. ) They feel like walking on CLOUDS–no break-in required! (P.S. If you’re worried about canvas staining, they’re very easy to upkeep with some Oxyclean!) They run TTS.     OKAY–a demonstration was needed here because I always get questions about it! “How do you front tuck a shirt that is so long in the back!?” I am often asked. The answer-like this. First, pull the whole shirt forward, and tuck in the “tail” so to speak, so everything is kind of a straight line.     Then simply twist slightly (but you don’t need to twist TOO terribly much) then tuck in the “twisted tail” at the front. Pull out slightly so it achieves that “perfectly undone” effect–then, voila!    When you think of “plaid flannel” you don’t exactly think of “polished and preppy”–am I right? Well, here’s the PERFECT example of my Juxtaposition trick! (Basically the only rule you ever know in order to put a great outfit together.) A tomboy flannel + edgy leather leggings + preppy loafers + classic cardigan = THE PERFECT casual, yet polished outfit. All very different styles, yet put together, they are lovely!  Longline Cardigan: I LOVE this longline cardigan by Leith. (Another fave Nordstrom brand!) It’s such a steal, too! My favorite part is that the knit isn’t too heavy or hot, so it makes an ideal transitional piece that you’ll wear through the winter as well. It makes every outfit look so much more intentional and chic! Sizing: Runs a little big, go a size down if you’re in between. I’m wearing a small which totally fits but I still think I could’ve gone down a size.  Faux leather leggings: I truly do think every woman needs a pair of great faux leather leggings in her wardrobe. They are just the best elevated basic. As comfy as normal leggings? Yes. Infinitely more chic and stylish? Absolutely. The pair I’m wearing here are Spanx (Sizing: size up if you’re in between sizes, I wear a small!) but Commando also makes an amazing pair, and this cute pair by Chelsea28 is on sale!  Classic Loafers: One of my few designer items–I will say my Gucci Brixton loafers make the top 5 wardrobe staples list–they are SO wonderful, so buttery soft, and they will never go out of style. Sizing: Order 1/2 size down in the Brixtons as the leather stretches!  Obviously the Brixtons are a big splurge, so if you want a budget-friendly dupe, I absolutely adore Sam Edelman’s Lior loafers as well! (Run TTS!) They are a very similar look for less! If you’ve been wanting something more dressy, I LOVE the look of Halogen’s Emilia loafers–they are so beautiful, add polish to any outfit, and would be especially great for work!    Didn’t think a flannel shirt could be appropriate for a date? Think again! This look would actually be adorable for daytime or nighttime–the perfect fall outfit to wear around all afternoon exploring the city without needing to go home and change before dinner!  Suede skirt: I think a great suede skirt is a versatile, classic must-have in any fall wardrobe! BLANKNYC makes this one that I’ve had for a couple of years now–I wear it SO much in the fall and winter! It’s the perfect thing to pair with a flannel to dress it up nicely! Again, mine is a few years old, but shop their newest, very similar versions right here!  OTK boots: I’m wearing my Stuart Weitzman Lowland boots here. (One of my few other designer items–but 100% worth the investment!) They are still my favorite OTK boots to date in terms of fit and overall look. They make everything look so chic but are so comfortable! My OTHER favorite (obviously) are Blondo boots! (Which I never shut up about. ) All their boots are waterproof (and salt proof!) suede, so you never have to worry about ruining them in the winter! The pair I own are several years old, but there are many current knee-high/OTK boots here! (These ones look especially great, and they have traction so you can wear them when it’s snowy!)    Last but not least, another perfect day to night outfit! I live in outfits like this during the fall–comfy, but super stylish and put together all at the same time!  Corduroy Skirt: I got this skirt last year and got SO much wear out of it, also made by BLANKNYC, which is one of my favorite brands for skirts + moto jackets! This one made by B.P. is also super cute and also under $50! I love the seventies vibe it gives off!  Booties: I got these booties during the Nordstrom sale and I can’t say enough good things about them! They are so flattering and so pretty–the color is the perfect “goes with everything” taupe. HOWEVER–if you want an identical look for half the price, go with these B.P. booties! They’re 40% off right now–I tried these on as well and they are very comparable for such a steal! Come in the same pretty taupe as well as other colors!  Longline Cardigan: Same as above–I LOVE this longline cardigan by Leith. (Another fave Nordstrom brand!) It’s such a steal, too! My favorite part is that the knit isn’t too heavy or hot, so it makes an ideal transitional piece that you’ll wear through the winter as well. It makes every outfit look so much more intentional and chic! Sizing: Runs a little big, go a size down if you’re in between. I’m wearing a small which totally fits but I still think I could’ve gone down a size.  Shop all items in this post:       Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Slides, Gowns For Sale, Wedge Pumps Shoes, Cosmetic Bags and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 11, 2014   Sweater: American Eagle (c/o) // Shirt: H&M (Similar) // Boots: American Eagle (c/o) // Socks: Forever 21 // Bracelets: Busywrist // Necklace: Shamelessy Sparkly (c/o) (Similar) // Bag: Asos // Sunnies: Cole Haan // Lipstick: ELF  One of my favorite things about winter is walking around my apartment with a blanket draped over my shoulders at all times. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Which is probably why it only took a hot minute to fall in love with this drapey boho blanket sweater from American Eagle.  It’s chunky, thick and warm, and best of all, it’s basically a blanket with sleeves.  Here I paired it with high wasted jeans and my favorite graphic tee (my roommate Kate saw it in H&M and bought it for me just because — she knew it had my name written all over it!) You can find a similar one here (it’s  a PJ shirt but I think it’s equally as cute and comfy!) These silver boots are also my new obsession. I love the punky-glam element they add to pretty much anything I wear them with, and they might be the most comfortable boots I’ve ever worn. Be sure to check out my feature on American Eagle’s style blog, along with my friend Megan from Lush to Blush, who also styled her favorite AEO blanket sweater! On another note, my friend Kelly and I recently came up with a genius little partnership, recently realizing the dilemma that is daylight savings time. It puts a major damper on the whole boyfriend/husband photographer thing. It gets dark before they even get home from work! Luckily, Kelly and I decided we can just play photographer for each other! If you haven’t checked out her blog yet, you definitely need to hop over there.  (P.S. you also might recognize her from this feature on The Everygirl!)      Photography by Kelly Larkin Shop “Blanket Sweater”   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jess Zimlich says  November 11, 2014 at 2:58 pm I spied someone over on Lauren Conrad’s site today  You are killin’ it lately, girlfriend! 
jess keys says  November 13, 2014 at 5:06 pm Ahh thank you!! You are so sweet!  
Blair - The Fox & She says  November 11, 2014 at 4:12 pm gorgeous girlie! love the french bull dog shirt too! 
jess keys says  November 13, 2014 at 5:06 pm Thanks love!! 
Blair - The Fox & She says  November 11, 2014 at 4:12 pm gorgeous girlie! love the french bull dog shirt too! 
Blair - The Fox & She says  November 11, 2014 at 4:12 pm gorgeous girlie! love the french bull dog shirt too! 
Anna Baun says  November 11, 2014 at 4:51 pm You look adorable!  This looks is head-to-toe fall perfection!  XO Annaalilyloveaffair.com 
Samantha says  November 11, 2014 at 7:21 pm You look adorable! LOVE this outfit and your pop of color pony hair clutch. 
jess keys says  November 13, 2014 at 5:05 pm Thanks love!  So good to see you at the event last night! 
Ashley says  November 12, 2014 at 1:30 pm Great layering! 
jess keys says  November 13, 2014 at 5:05 pm Thanks Ashley! 
Lena says  November 12, 2014 at 5:19 pm I love the sweater, you look adorable Jess! The fuchsia clutch really gives your ensemble a fun pop of color! xo~ Lenahttp://www.felinecreatures.com 
jess keys says  November 13, 2014 at 5:05 pm Aw, thanks Lena! So great to see you last night! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Leggings, Black Pumps Sale, Grey Long Sleeve Tees, High Waist Flare Pants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 6, 2019   Pants: c/o Everlane–I ordered a 0 which is what I normally wear in Everlane, but they do stretch a bit. I think a size down would’ve been too small though, so I’d still recommend going with your normal size–or if you’re always in between sizes, then you can go with the smaller one. They also have the wide leg crop utility pant, which is very similar but with different pockets! Madewell also makes the Emmett crop pants, which are super popular and very similar and come in like 100 colors.  Ruffle neck sweater: Halogen ruffle sweater–wearing XS. I think this is one of those sweaters that can either be tighter or slouchier and look cute though, so I feel like the small could’ve also been just as cute! Comes in grey and green as well! I also think these pants would be SO cute with this pretty blue bow-back sweater! I have also been wearing these pants a lot with a black turtleneck and I love the black and white look! Booties: Old, but similar here! Coat: BB Dakota on sale at Revolve!  How is your week going? Did you love the first edition of GG reader dogs yesterday as much as I did?!!? ?I hope so! This week so far has been a very busy but productive one! I went to Blair’s house on Monday to work together, I finally caught up with my friend Kira over lunch yesterday (we realized it had been like a year since we’ve seen each other, haha!) and saw my besties for a hot minute to try on bridesmaid dresses for my friend Kai’s wedding–had a few coffee meetings…what else? I think that’s it, and it’s only Wednesday! ? I’m excited to share today’s post with you, because you guys have been asking for ideas on how to style wide leg crops! I will definitely plan to do more of a try-on session so you can see how to style them even more ways, but today, you get to see two–plus, how you can really dress them up or dress them down! These are definitely two styles that you can wear right now while it’s still cold!  First–let’s talk about this specific pair of crops–they’re from Everlane (duh, my fave) and I think they are seriously some of the most flattering pants out there. They also come in short–hurray! I get a lot of questions from my petite ladies asking if they will work for them–they absolutely will ??Because they’re high-waisted, they make your legs look longer, and the wide legs balance you out really nicely and make them a flattering cut on pretty much everyone!  Pocket watch-out: At first, I was so upset when I tried these on because I could see the pocket line along the front of the pants–BUT, then when I put my hands in my pockets and kind of bunched the pockets up a little bit to where they weren’t laying quite so perfectly flat–I realized you couldn’t see them anymore, so that’s a little watch-out. I was very relieved because I was in love with the pants other than this. They aren’t see through at all either, which I know you’re probably wondering–which is obviously a must!  These are a stretchy cotton blend–they aren’t denim. They will stretch a bit, per the sizing notes above, but I still went with my normal size. (Wearing 0)  Madewell’s Emmett crops are also very similar and they come in more colors if you want to check those out as well! I don’t have any personally though!  I think these pants win a TON OF POINTS for versatility. If you work in a business casual environment, these 100% could be worn to work (especially if you got them in a dark color). They are dressier than jeans if you want them to be, but they can also be just as casual when you pair them with a casual shoe. (See below!)  They are very soft and very comfortable! 10/10 here!  I am in love with the feminine details of this sweater I’m wearing here (plus it’s so soft!)–and of course, the pretty springy color. As you know from this post, colorful sweaters are my ultimate “Spring in Chicago” weapon because they’re springy and warm at the same time. (If pink isn’t your thing, this sweater comes in grey and green as well.) I also think this bow-back sweater in the pretty blue color would be a perfect pair with these pants as well, plus, it’s really lightweight, so it’ll be perfect to wear through May! Actually, I wore these with my white silk button down from Everlane to dinner at the conference I was at a few weeks back. I LOVE white on white together, it looked so chic and I paired the outfit with my cap toe heels (go 1/2 size down) and the faux fur coat you see here! (I wish I’d taken a photo, haha, sorry!). It would also look cute with the French Blue color button down. I have that one too!  Like I mentioned, you can dress these down as much as you can a pair of jeans. Wear them with your favorite tee-a striped tee like this one (short sleeve) or this one (long sleeve) would be especially cute! Throw on a jean jacket (I have this one)–and if you need another layer on top–I love Everlane’s cocoon coat for layering because it’s a little boxier/roomier!  You knowwww my love of the versatile camisole (I love my Everlane one which is silk, but Nordstrom has a ton at different prices as well!)–so it shouldn’t be any surprise that the cami is a perfect pair for the wide leg crop! Throw your favorite moto or leather jacket on top! (I’m especially in LOVE with this dusty pink one–I own this jacket in multiple colors and it’s unreal for the price!)  This fabulous coat gets its own call out because it’s on sale and it’s probably one of my favorite purchases I’ve made this winter. Plus, it’s shockingly warmer than I thought it would be! It makes everything you wear with it SO fabulous–I wear it with everything from jeans and t-shirts to dresses, skirts, and this, obviously, haha!  I wanted to wear booties with this outfit (mine are old, but similar here!) to show you guys that it’s 100% possible to wear ankle boots with crops. I would recommend going with a bootie that hits a little bit higher up on your ankle, so there is more of a seamless line between where your pants end and your booties begin. (This is just more flattering–as booties that cut right at the ankle would look a little bit odd and make your legs look shorter.) I know you’re probably wondering, “but don’t your ankles get cold?” and I have a couple answers for that:    Because I’m only outside for a few seconds getting in and out of my Uber. I don’t mind sucking it up for a one second walk–it’s worth it to not wear jeans and OTK boots for the 87,69th time this winter. I’M OVER IT.  A little bit might peek out, but that’s okay–as long as they match what you’re wearing! (If I wanted to wear socks I probably would’ve gone with something more neutral/less colorful on top, FYI–like a grey sweater with charcoal socks, etc.)    I just got these sock booties (just in time for Spring, I know ?) and I am IN LOVE. They come up really high, so your ankles aren’t exposed! Plus, they’re comfortable to walk in because the heel is low. They come in black and also burgundy–the burgundy would’ve looked SO cute with this outfit! For the black, again, I would’ve probably gone with a more neutral color OR a colorful sweater that also has black in it–like the one I wore here!    These pants look SO CUTE with sneakers. Look at how different my outfit looks just swapping the booties for sneakers below! Here I’m wearing my new Tretorns–which I am IN LOVE with. ??So comfy, classic, and run true to size.    I love these with a cute block heel. My two favorites are these Sam Edelman cap-toes (I wear them ALL the time–go 1/2 size down. They make every outfit so chic) and Everlane’s Day Heels (which I also wear all the time–they are SO comfortable you could walk forever in them!) Both are polished enough for work but cute enough to wear with everything else too! They are as comfortable as flats but way cuter.             Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Linda says  March 6, 2019 at 12:04 pm I feel like cropped wide leg pants fall in to that category of clothing item that men hate but that women want desperately to pass off as chic.  I think as women we should definitely make the choice to just forego certain trends or item altogether.  A lot of it is designed by the fashion industry to make us want to buy more. 
jesskeys11 says  March 6, 2019 at 12:23 pm Hi Linda–my husband told me he thinks I look darling in these pants, but I also really love them and don’t decide what to wear or not to wear based on a man’s opinion. But that’s just me. 
Megan says  March 6, 2019 at 10:07 pm +1 for dressing how I want, and not how men (including my husband) want me to! 
Linda says  March 7, 2019 at 9:23 am Nor do I, and to imply that I do is a straw man fallacy because you dislike my opinion.  What I’m saying is I don’t find them to be very feminine or to accentuate one’s femininity in any way,, and because I don’t find them to be feminine I personally find them to be unattractive on a woman.     To me they seem like an item/trend etc. the fashion industry has pushed off as “attractive” in order to get women to buy more – more pants, more tops to go with the pants, more accessories, etc.  A lot of what I’m saying about fashion and consumerism is contained within the Netflix documentary “The True Cost.”    It’s worth a watch for anyone who shops. 
Samantha says  March 6, 2019 at 10:07 pm I love a wide leg pant! I have a pair of widdle leg cropped Jean’s from the loft that I have been wanting to wear and your style ideas just might make them work in the cold weather we are still having in NH. Thanks for the post! Ps. My fiance loves my high waisted and wide leg pants. As long as I’m confident  in what I’m wearing hes on board? 
Cathy says  March 7, 2019 at 1:26 pm I’m not feeling the cropped wide leg pant quite yet – BUT let me preface that by saying that I thought skinny pants were the ugliest things for the longest time haha! I was total boot cut all the way. Initially, skinny jeans had a old school Iggy pop/Mick Jagger rock in roll vibe to me, but not in a cool way. I also used to think they were unflattering. Fast forward 8 years later and my whole wardrobe is basically skinny jean, plus I think they’re the most flattering things on everyone! So, give it time, maybe I’ll come round (or maybe not). At first I also disliked the ‘easy pant’ trend however, it totally depends on how you style it and now I think they’re stunningly stylish. So fickle! haha Keep doing you Jess and pushing us out of your comfort zones xx 
Rachel says  March 7, 2019 at 5:56 pm I always try on wide leg cropped pants at the store and love them, but haven’t bit the bullet and bought a pair yet! Definitely making the purchase this spring .- they’re so versatile. Rachel
http://www.hello-her.com 
Julia says  March 8, 2019 at 4:49 am Love these ideas! I’ve had this pair in black for some time and I just couldn’t figure out how to style them in colder weather. Excited to add them to the rotation! 
Katie says  March 10, 2019 at 8:48 pm Prob my fav outfit of yours! I loveee the color + white mixture!! Super cute Jess!  Katie | http://www.sunshinestyleblog.com 
Allie says  April 5, 2019 at 7:57 pm Ahhh I just got the white everlane wide leg crops, and I googled and found you had just reviewed. I need to work on the picket lines bc they are driving me crazy. I tried scrunching, but I still see them! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Flats, Blue Mini Bags, One Pieces Swimwear, Yellow Bikinis and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 28, 2017   Top: c/o Topshop also comes in red! Available at Nordstrom, too! // High-waisted Mom shorts: c/o Topshop –also available at Nordstrom – The distressed version is super cute too!  // Bag: Madewell Transport Tote – there are so many colors and variations! This is one of my favorite bags ever! Plus, the version with the stripe is on sale and so cute // Mules: B.P. – these are similar in beige and I’ve also have been eyeing these that are on sale (do I get them?! SOS!) How cute are these Topshop Gucci horsebit lookalikes, too!?// Lipstick: M.A.C. Relentlessly Red  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

The other day I sat down to do some brainstorming on what to write about over the next several weeks (disclaimer, I’m trying to pre-load a LOT of content because I’ve got quite a bit of travel coming up and then it’s WEDDING TIME!) and my favorite thing to do in times like these is to turn to you guys for ideas on what topics you’d like to hear about! I got a lot of responses that were all over the board, but many had a similar theme–more advice posts! Elaborating on certain topics, experiences, and what helped me along the way. One of those topics: how to get out of a rut! Whether it’s a big, life altering rut or a tiny little one that just makes you feel “blah”–ruts are a place we often finds ourselves in! I’ve been in QUITE a few myself. Like anyone, some have felt like attempting to jump the Grand Canyon, but mostly, they’re more like puddles. Regardless of how large they are, here are three things that always help me:  It sounds simple, but often times we go around feeling like we’re out of balance without stopping to ask ourselves why. We assume “we woke up on the wrong side of the bed” or that “it’s just part of life”–but that’s just not true. There is likely an underlying cause of why you’re feeling out of sorts–I’ve found that talking it through with someone else usually helps you figure out what is really the root of the problem. It’s amazing what others can easily point out that you are blind to. Call up your best friend, your mom, your boyfriend or significant other–whoever is your go-to “talking” person–they’ll help you sort it out. However, be careful not to mistake this as calling to complain. Let them know you’re feeling off, and that you can’t really figure out why, and ask them if they can help you figure it out–the people who know you best often know you better than you know yourself, and will have a sneaking suspicion–even when you don’t! I firmly believe that a lot of unhappiness is caused when you are too one sided with the “yesses” or the “no’s”. Let me explain. Too many yesses: We all have the one friend who says yes to EVERYONE. She’s at EVERY dinner, every shower, every happy hour, every housewarming party, literally anytime anyone invites her to anything–she bends over backwards to make it there. This is an amazing quality to have in a friend. However, she is so busy catering to her other friends schedules that she doesn’t ever make time for herself. She works 70 hours per week and gets 4 hours of sleep because she never says no or admits when she’s drowning and can’t handle it all. She often finds that she gets sick or loses her voice because her body physically cannot take everything she’s putting it through. Too many no’s: The girl who is all talk and no action. She makes excuses for literally everything. She can’t go out because she has this. She can’t go out with that guy who seems perfect for her because of x, y, and z. She really wants to make a career change but it’s too late now, or she would never get the job anyway, or maybe her parents wouldn’t be happy with her. Whatever it is–she says no all the time and holds herself back from the things that would make her truly happy. We realize that these are both places that we do not want to be–yes? But it’s so easy to fall into the trap of either one. (And yes, of course, it’s possible to fall into both in different areas of your life.) If you’re too far into one camp, you’re either over-exerting yourself, or you aren’t pushing yourself hard enough. Figure out which one you are, and adjust. Long story short, either stop making so many plans, or start making more of them. I cannot tell you how much this one factor influences my life on a daily basis.  I used to think this was all B.S. – you know, the idea that eating healthy food, exercising regularly, and getting 8 hours of sleep a night can really truly affect your day to day life, but it really does. You have to take care of yourself. You only get one body! If I’m so tired that I have to drag myself out of bed at 8am, I am never going to be the best version of myself. I’ve also found that going to yoga completely changes my mood–like, 180 degree change. Until I started doing power yoga, I loathed working out. I never understood people that said “working out is like my therapy” but a lightbulb went off as soon as I took my first yoga class. My entire mental outlook at the end of a week where I’ve worked out regularly is completely different than a week where I’ve skipped my workouts. And if you’re rolling your eyes at me right now, you’ve never been to Corepower. I’m just saying.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

As I’ve gotten older, I’ve come to value my different kinds of friendships more and more. When I was in my early twenties, I just kind of lumped everyone in the same category–your friends are your friends, right?! But I think it’s so important to have many different types of friends–ideally, a group of friends for every facet of your life, so you always have someone who understands what you’re going through at a given time. Being able to have those different kinds of friends to help you through things happening in your personal life vs. your professional life is a huge mental game-changer! A lot of the “ruts” I find myself in are work-related, and having blogger friends who I can turn to who really understand what I’m experiencing at the time helps to pull me out of that rut so much faster than if I were going through it alone. But–regardless of what “genre” of rut you are in–any one of your friends is going to help pull you out of it. I always feel like I’m looking at life through new eyes after a night of catching up with my friends over a glass of wine and a great dinner. Plus, scheduling something fun gives you something to look forward to, and that always helps brighten your mood, too!   This sounds superficial, but it’s one of the oldest tricks in the book. When you’re feeling “blah”–it’s so much easier to pull on a sweater and leggings. To throw your wet hair into a bun and skip the makeup. Don’t. Do. It. You know how before an interview, they tell you to “dress for the job you want”? Well, I think that applies to real life too. Dress how you want to feel. Instead of mindlessly reaching for the comfiest item in your closet, take a couple extra minutes to put together an outfit that brings you joy. Something that has a little extra flair–instead of a plain black tee–go for a fun version (the one I’m wearing here is a plain comfy t-shirt with eyelet ruffles on the sleeves! You can’t not smile while wearing this!) What’s your favorite item in your closet? Try to incorporate that into your outfit. (One of my favorite summer staples are these high-waisted jean shorts. They’re really flattering and they always make me feel good!) Choose something with personality (my bow mules always make me SO HAPPY and they look so cute with everything!) When all else fails–swipe on some red lipstick. It always makes me feel so much more confident!   Photos by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney Crawley says  July 28, 2017 at 11:20 am These are great tips, Jess! I know I always feel refreshed when I get my eating and sleep habits on track and when I make time for important relationships. Also, loving your pink bow slides. Have a great weekend! 
Jess Zimlich says  July 28, 2017 at 3:03 pm Couldn’t agree with these more – especially the bit about friends. I’ve got my single girlfriends I like to go out with, friends with 5-year-olds who like to get away for girl time, friends who are expecting, and friends who “get” the whole blogging thing, and I value each one of them for what they bring to our relationship! I’ve definitely been one to say “yes” too often…it’s such a fine line. Ultimately, it always leads me to letting people down though so I’m working to say “no” right off the bat when my gut tells me to. Have a great weekend!  26 and Not Counting 
Joules says  July 31, 2017 at 9:47 am Great advice! I second being healthy and eating right. The better I eat and the less I drink the better I feel on a huge scale.  Style by Joules 
Amber Phelps says  August 1, 2017 at 12:09 pm This is just the advice I needed right now. I’m currently in some type of rut and I don’t know how I got there! But I need to get back on track with eating healthy and exercising, so hopefully that will help! Thank you!! 
Rebecca says  August 1, 2017 at 7:31 pm Loved your points! I’m a strong believer in dressing in order to feel confident and happy, but I’ve never really thought about your point for saying yes too much. I feel like a lot of the time, we encourage people to say yes, but sometimes we forget you can overdo it and end up drowning.
Rebecca xx
http://www.thebloomly.com […] Source: The Golden Girl […] […] Get ready to bookmark Jess’ advice for pulling yourself out of a rut  […] […] Bookmark this post from Jess on days you are feeling down. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pj Sets, Platform Black Heels, Heeled Sandals, Flat Silver Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 10, 2017   Romper: Amanda Uprichard (sold out in this color but available in white and blue) but similar here (such a cute bow in the back!), here, and here // Sandals: B.P. and also come in black (so comfy and under $70! They’re going to be my go-to heels this summer for sure!) I also love this pair and this pair of heeled summer sandals // Necklace: Helen Ficalora but similar here for only $60! Lipstick: Burberry Lipvelvet in Oxblood  Happy Monday! How was your weekend? I hope it was a good one! And this WEATHER? OMG. Summer is finally on the horizon! Hopefully you had plenty of time to enjoy it and you didn’t spend the whole weekend doing your taxes. (Woof.) Our weekend was great! We finally watched the last episode of Big Little Lies and ohhh my goodness. It was so good. I’ve heard the book is even better, so that’s next up on my reading list. (Right now I’m reading Julie and Julia and it’s just as cute as the movie!) Friday night we laid low–we hadn’t had a night in quite awhile so that was very necessary. We ordered Indian takeout from Cumin, which was SO GOOD. If you live in Chicago and haven’t had it, definitely put it on your must-try list! We also drank champagne out of our new champagne flutes that Neal’s sister Maura got us for our shower, so that was VERY exciting. (Adult things, you guys.) Saturday we walked around enjoying the weather and got a late lunch, and then headed to our family couple’s shower that Neal’s godparents threw us. It was such a great night and so much fun, and we got so many good things off of our registry! (Which, by the way, I wrote about here!) Sunday I had my friend Leigh’s wedding shower, which was great to see all of my college girlfriends, some who live out of town, so it was a really fun reunion!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Anyway, now that romper season is officially upon us, I wanted to share some of my favorites! Sadly the one I’m wearing here has just sold out (I’ve linked similar one’s above!) but luckily there are plenty out there right now that are just as cute!  
  10 Favorite Rompers for Spring:  I think I might need this one for my honeymoon  It’s begging to be worn on the beach! I always get asked, “what do I wear for a bachelorette party?” this romper will make the perfect outfit! I love the beautiful back of this romper (part of the Cupcakes and Cashmere line!) This one is really easy to dress up or down! This mightttt be my favorite one of the bunch. Could you get any cuter than those stripes!? I love the classic striped pattern on this cotton romper. With the tie waist and v-neck, it’s super flattering, and I love how it isn’t TOO short. White, off the shoulder, and ruffled are kind of my three favorite qualities when it comes to any summer item! My very favorite romper that I bought last year in black–so excited to see they just came out with a navy version! If you’re getting married, this would be perfect for your bachelorette party, or even a shower, dressed up with some cute heels! This floral ruffle romper has almost a vintage vibe (doesn’t it look like something that Allie would’ve worn in The Notebook?) The best romper to take on vacation–it has the cutest pom pom detail and it’s only $28!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Alyssa J Freitas says  April 10, 2017 at 10:25 am I’ve tried on rompers before but never made a purchase…maybe it’s time to take the leap! 
Megan says  April 10, 2017 at 11:20 am Oh my gosh, I love all of these rompers! // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Rachel Spross says  April 10, 2017 at 11:21 am I love rompers! Great picks! And I am obsessed with the one you’re wearing. So simple and chic  xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Diana Pearl says  April 10, 2017 at 11:58 am Such a cute romper! I want all the ones you picked  x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Kristina Anderson says  April 10, 2017 at 1:20 pm I love a good romper – the scalloped one is my favorite!! Kristina does the Internets 
Alyssa says  April 10, 2017 at 6:51 pm Rompers are my favourite to wear they’re so comfy and easy to wear for any kind of event. I love love the red one you’re wearing it looks so stunning on you.  wwww.miflare.com 
Molly O'Connor says  April 11, 2017 at 6:13 pm Rompers are always my go-to!! Such cute picks, Jess! http://www.mollyonthemoveblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Flat Sandals, Blue Jumpsuits, Stuart Weitzman Pumps, Citizens Of Humanity Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 29, 2016   Ruffled Shirt Dress: Leith at Nordstrom–if you want more of this color + ruffle combination, you’ll love this top (styled here in this post), this similar dress is also really versatile, and I also love this cold shoulder dress that would work for so many occasions (side note: I hate the term “cold shoulder”–doesn’t it sound rude?!)// Cheetah Pumps: Old, but similar here  // Clutch: Alice in Wonder (the cutest local online boutique!)   I probably could’ve come up with a more interesting title for this post, however, I’m not sure you would’ve clicked on it if it had said “chic pillow-case-like-dress-for-hiding-all-of-the-holiday-pounds.” Yes, hm, that’s really a much better description. Although, “a festive shirtdress” definitely is no lie. It is a beautiful festive color that isn’t, like, IN YOUR FACE festive, and it is in fact, a shirtdress! So–I was still shooting you straight. (Just like I’ve always promised you.) Whichever way you slice it, this dress is an amazing winter wardrobe staple. (ANNDDD it’s only $75–yesssss.) Now, I’m going to be honest with you. It’s late and I can’t think of anything else to write. So now I’m going to rattle of some random thoughts you might find interesting. Late night thought roulette–YAY! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 1. Thoughts on playlists: Fun fact: Neal and I share a Spotify account, and despite the fact that it’s MY Spotify account, he ends up kicking me off of it the majority of the time. Since Neal has Amazon Prime (are we sensing the irony of this flip-flop?) I decided to try out Prime Music after years of getting kicked off of my Spotify account, and know what you guys? They have BETTER playlists than Spotify! (NO they did not tell me to write this. I don’t work with Amazon. But heeyyy Amazon if you’re reading this, I’m a fan.) I feel like everyone forgets that with Prime, they get access to what is essentially Spotify’s twin sister. Well, download it. It’s awesome, and their Christmas playlists are so great! 2. When you break your iPhone: Another fun fact: I’m known for setting fragile items on the edges of counter tops. (So don’t trust me with your baby. JUST KIDDING KELLY! I’m really good with babies!) My poor iPhone met its match at Neal’s Aunt’s house on Thanksgiving. Typical me, I had thrown it on the counter in a rush and it had gotten covered up by a dish towel. Thus, I couldn’t find it. (This happens about 10 times per day) so when I had Neal call it, it vibrated right off the counter. SPLAT. Why am I telling you this story? Because I discovered thankfully there are places that just fix iPhone screens. (I had NO idea. I’ve never broken an iPhone screen, so I thought I had to get a whole new iPhone! Did you know about this!?) I got mine fixed today at Jet City on Fullerton for $100 in under 30 mins. PHEW! SO MUCH BETTER THAN BUYING AN IPHONE! 3. My Aunt Ann and cousin Ally are coming to visit this weekend! I’m so excited! We’ve never had a guest bedroom before, so this will be our first time hosting family! (I’ve got a LOT of work to do in the guest room this week, ha!) They’re from Oregon and have never been to Chicago before, so I’m aiming to give them the full authentic experience  On our agenda is Christkindlemarket, shopping on Michigan Avenue, a stop at Portillo’s and maybe Zoo Lights at Lincoln Park Zoo! We’re also seeing a play on Sunday–I can’t wait! What are your favorite holiday things to do in the city? Would love suggestions! 4. Our new favorite wine is Meomi Pinot Noir. My friend Kai gave us a bottle for our engagement party and we’ve been hooked ever since! They sell it at most grocery stores and it’s typically under $20 per bottle! (I’m reminded to share this with you because we just ran out. Wah!) Take note of this for hostess gifts. (And for yourself, obviously.) 5. If you’re looking to support small shops this holiday season, I’d love if you popped over to Alice & Wonder! It’s the cutest online boutique and they have the cutest clothes! I just did a shoot with them a couple weeks back and we had a total blast. See this clutch? It’s from there  They just got so much cute holiday stuff in, too, and prices are so affordable! (You also might see a familiar face :-P) 6. I just bought a queen-sized faux fur blanket at Target and it has changed my life. I impulse-purchased it (obviously, what else do you do at Target?) before Thanksgiving and when we went to the lake I actually missed it. I MISSED A BLANKET. It was intended to go on our bed but I now prefer to wear it around the house looking like The Revenant. The bad news: I can’t find it online, but I promise if you go to Target and go to the endcap display in the blanket section. It will be there! Go go go! Thank me later! (If you’re still reading this far, bless your heart, thank you. You’re really nice.)      I hope you have a fabulous Tuesday!    Photos by Iron & Honey  Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Samantha Tananbaum says  November 29, 2016 at 8:34 am LOVE that dress! The color is gorgeous and the ruffles are such a pretty detail!  xx
Sam 
Meaghan says  November 29, 2016 at 9:37 am Just checked out Alice & Wonder – SO CUTE! and still chuckling about The Revenant blanket :] 
Jess says  November 29, 2016 at 4:51 pm Hahaha I’m glad someone got that reference!!  
Lisa Pighetti says  November 29, 2016 at 9:59 am Yes, Meomi Pinot is an excellent wine for the $$! If you have a VIN store near you, check it out. They have the best prices. Broadside Cab in also an excellent choice… can you tell I’m into my wine?!  :0 
Jess says  November 29, 2016 at 4:51 pm OOOO Neal will be so happy to hear your Cab recco!! He’s more of a cab guy but I always make him buy Pinot Noir ;-P 
Lisa Pighetti says  November 29, 2016 at 9:10 pm Then you might also like Block Nine Pinot – delicious! 
Rachel Spross says  November 29, 2016 at 10:23 am I love this! That wine color is so beautiful. I love how you paired it with the leopard heels! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/velvet-floral-holiday-makeup/ 
Jess says  November 29, 2016 at 4:51 pm Thanks Rachel!  
Diana Pearl says  November 29, 2016 at 10:32 am Love this dress paired with these heels! Great winter look (I love the ruffles!) x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  November 29, 2016 at 2:15 pm My mom’s favorite wine is Meoimi too!! YUM  
Jessica says  November 30, 2016 at 6:49 am Okay, I’m crazy about that dress and the color on you is perfection. HOWEVER, I can’t get this newly minted need to own a gigantic faux fur blanket out of my head. Thanks for that.   http://bedknobsandbaubles.com/ 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  November 30, 2016 at 7:55 pm Smiling to myself as I get commended for reading the whole post  Love hearing your random thoughts! (Totally gonna sneak onto my boyfriend’s Amazon Prime account and check out those Christmas playlists) Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Dresses, Short Sleeved Blouses, Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Long Black Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 9, 2018  So…it was Spring for a hot minute, but we’re back to winter for the time being in the Midwest (and the East Coast too–sending love to my East Coast friends–I hope you have power!!) That’s usually the way it goes around these parts ? I’ve been lucky enough to be able to pull out my trench coat several times now, but I’m excited for the day it becomes the norm, rather than feeling like I’m playing musical coats, reaching for a light jacket one day, and my down puffer the next, haha! Speaking of, today’s newest Style 101 post is dedicated to JUST that–the trench coat! If you’re new to the blog, Style 101 is a style advice column where I break down simple rules of getting dressed, and offer inspiration and tips on how to build your best wardrobe and feel more confident getting dressed each morning!  The best wardrobe staples score high marks in both form, and function, which is what makes the trench such a wonderful (and very necessary) item in any woman’s closet. No matter what your personal style, you will find that a trench coat is a perfect edition to your outerwear collection. The trench coat I own is by London Fog, and it’s the same one you see in every photo below, which are a curated collection of some of my favorite trench coat outfits I’ve posted on the blog over the past year or so! London Fog is a really great brand and they make several different types of trenches in all different colors–beige, tan and black being the most common colors. I prefer the lighter, classic tan shades as I think these are the most versatile, but if you’d prefer black, by all means, choose what feels the most like you! A few reasons why I love this coat: It has a detachable liner, which really does add a lot of warmth for how thin the coat appears. Speaking of thin, it folds very nicely to fit into a suitcase and doesn’t take up too much room. The hood is also detachable so you can remove it when you don’t need it, but add it back if the weather gets windy or rainy. It’s water resistant (many trenches look like rain coats, but in fact, are not water resistant, so you’ll want to pay attention to the description if that’s a make or break quality for you!) Shop my favorite trenches    Anddd if you didn’t believe me when I first told you that the trench coat will be one of the most versatile items in your wardrobe, I will now SHOW you ? Scroll below for 7 different ways to style your trench coat for spring, fall and beyond!  Top: similar here and here, Jeans: J.Brand Maria Jeans in “Bluebird” wash (run on the small side) Bag: Madewell transport Tote (they have so many kinds and colors, shop them all here!) Shoes: Steve Madden Carrson Sandals (TTS) Trench: London Fog–they also have a longer version! (LOFT also has an ADORABLE version as well!) Nordstrom also just came out with one that is B.P. brand for only $69!  I often wear a variation of this outfit if I’m heading to a brand meeting–it’s also a great outfit for those who don’t work in strict business casual environments but still need to look polished (I.E. Advertising, PR, Sales, etc.) Dark jeans are always more formal, as is a sleeveless shell top which can, again, be dressed up or down! For a more business-like setting, swap jeans for work pants and close-toed pumps! The trench acts as a super polished cherry on top!  Sweater: Gibson convertible cowl-neck/off the shoulder sweater, Jeans: Rag & Bone (my exact pair is old but very similar here), Loafers: Sam Edelman (come in lot’s of colors, but I love the leopard print sold here!)Trench: London Fog–they also have a longer version! (LOFT also has an ADORABLE version as well!) Nordstrom also just came out with one that is B.P. brand for only $69!  In both spring and fall, my trench coat is often my outer layer of choice when it comes to travel. It’s lightweight, so it’s great for the plane (and also works as nice blanket!) Pair it with this insaneeellyy comfy tunic sweater (it’s cowl neck AND also converts to off the shoulder–making it perfect for travel because it goes from day to night in a snap! These loafers are also some of my favorites and they are amazing travel shoes. They slip right off and they require no break-in time–they’re so comfy from the get-go! They come in tons of colors as well (the black is a great Gucci dupe!)  Dress: LOFT–sold out, but similar springy versions here, here and here. Boots: Splendid Danise Boots (also obsessed with these light taupe knee-high boots!)Trench: London Fog–they also have a longer version! (LOFT also has an ADORABLE version as well!) Nordstrom also just came out with one that is B.P. brand for only $69!  This is a look I actually wore in the fall, but it’s just as easy to re-create for Spring! I think a trench looks so classic and effortless thrown over a pretty floral dress! For a springier twist on footwear, a pair of peep toe or cage booties would be so cute–I love this pair, this pair and this pair!  Sweater: c/o Everlane–it’s their cropped cashmere mockneck sweater, which also comes in 13 (yes, thirteen!) colors, and is only $100! They are one of my go-to’s for staple cashmere sweaters, they have so many styles and their prices CANNOT be beat! Beret: Urban Outfitters, comes in so many colors and is such a great steal under $30!Trench: London Fog–they also have a longer version! (LOFT also has an ADORABLE version as well!) Nordstrom also just came out with one that is B.P. brand for only $69!  Pants: Halogen ponte pants (yep, same one’s you saw styled four more ways (including some business casual looks!) right over here!) They run TTS and also come in a charcoal grey (which I think I also need…what do you think? ?) I am ALL about berets this season and wouldn’t you know–they happen to look just DARLING styled with a trench coat ?? I love a good outfit of all-neutrals! I really want this beret in blush for spring too! (Also, I’m wearing this sweater as we speak. It’s the BEST!) Also, these pants are great staples to have in and out of the office year-round! Sweater: c/o Everlane ($68!) Comes in multiple colors, and also a crewneck version for $55! It’s super soft and runs TTS. Pants: c/o Everlane Italian Go-Weave Easy Pants–also come in black and navy (if you’re looking for more work pants, I also got “The Work Ankle Pant“, which I’ll be styling in a blog post soon, and they’re really cute and flattering on!), Loafers: Gucci Brixton Loafers (Yes, they’re worth the splurge!) Sam Edelman makes a really amazing dupe pair (See above! I have them in leopard print!) Trench: London Fog–they also have a longer version! (LOFT also has an ADORABLE version as well!) Nordstrom also just came out with one that is B.P. brand for only $69! Tote: Madewell Transport Tote  This is a great outfit that can work for so many different occasions, it’s professional enough for work, but cute and stylish enough for a Saturday or Sunday brunch! The pants especially are SO comfy, and they’re super lightweight, so you’ll wear them through the summer too! I also love the look of a striped top or striped sweater layered with a trench–the combination is a nod to classic prep, which Kelly appreciates ? This sweater is also from Everlane (where so many of my sweaters come from) and it’s a great weight–so you’ll wear it on cooler summer days at the beach with a pair of cut offs, too!  Sweater: Madewell Wearing XS, Runs TTS–I also love this mock-neck sweater in the same pretty blush color!  White jeans: Madewell (I FINALLY FOUND AMAZING NON SEE THROUGH WHITE JEANS! HUZZAH! Run TTS!) Trench: London Fog–they also have a longer version! (LOFT also has an ADORABLE version as well!) Nordstrom also just came out with one that is B.P. brand for only $69!  Oxfords: c/o Everlane (come in so many colors! Run small and narrow!) Scarf: Madewell–they have so many cute patterns and colors! I think pastels and neutrals pair so well together–which is probbbaabllyyy why I’m so obsessed with this outfit, yeah? ? I think tan and pastel pink in particular are the perfect combination. These white jeans are my new favorite (I’m also wearing them as I write this ?) and they go perfectly with this faux wrap sweater and my favorite oxfords!  Shirt: Everlane (comes in lot’s of colors! Runs TTS!) Jeans: J.Brand Maria Jeans in “Bluebird” wash (run on the small side)–I also love Abercrombie’s high-waisted skinny jeans, which have a similar look! Booties: Dolce Vita “Cassius” booties (on sale for under $100! They come in black and dark grey, too!)–I’ve worn them pretty much everywhere over the past several months. They’re insanely comfortable, and even though they have a bit of a heel, I can walk for miles in them. They’re the perfect city girl shoe. Trench: London Fog–they also have a longer version! (LOFT also has an ADORABLE version as well!) Nordstrom also just came out with one that is B.P. brand for only $69! Scarf: Hermes (you can get lot’s of second-hand Hermes scarves on The Real Real for amazing prices, FYI!) This one is a great budget-friendly dupe though for only $29! This pink one is also adorable!  Last but not least, probably the most classic outfit of all–you probably recognize it from my last Style 101 post, where I shared the formula I use to build a foolproof outfit every time! This one I shot in San Francisco, when I pretty much didn’t take off my trench coat for 4 straight days ? You can never go wrong with jeans, booties, a silk button down, and a neck scarf! (If you’ve learned one thing from me and one thing only, I’m pretty sure it’s this fact, yes?)  Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Style 101  
Taylor says  March 9, 2018 at 7:07 am This trench has been my favorite addition to my wardrobe! Such a classic and versatile piece. Loving all of these looks! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Allie says  March 9, 2018 at 11:21 am I love how customizable this trench is! The fact that the hood and liner are detachable means it takes the place of multiple coats which is such a benefit! As soon as I life someplace where I need a jacket I’m definitely picking it up! xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Bright December says  March 9, 2018 at 12:37 pm Beautiful outfits! https://brightdecember.blogspot.com/ 
Yve says  March 10, 2018 at 2:44 pm I love this post. My favorite look is the first one. Classy, chic and modern in one look. Simply gorgeous.  Love,
Yve by http://www.yveloves.com 
Megan says  March 12, 2018 at 4:00 pm How’s the see-throughness of the Everlane silk blouse? Can you get away with just a nude bra or do you wear a camisole underneath?  Love this Style 101 series! So incredibly helpful  
Celine says  January 20, 2019 at 12:21 pm Love this! Especially the airport outfit. I fly pretty often, and I often use my lighter jackets as a “blanket” too! Haha. 
Jenny says  April 6, 2019 at 9:39 am Hi Jess! I recently purchased a very similar London Fog trench coat with liner on Poshmark. It was a huge score!!! All your trench outfits inspired me! Mine could definitely use a little freshening up, have you ever tried washing yours? Would love to hear any advice you have about keeping your trench looking polished and fresh! […] want to make sure that you only buy this coat that fits perfectly, as the professional did here at The Golden Girl Blog. If your coat is too large or too small, then you won’t look your […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Swimsuit, Bralettes, Lariats, Graphic Hoodies and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 15, 2017   Coat: Canada Goose Shelburne Parka (comes in lot’s of colors! I’m wearing an XS because I like my coats fitted but if you want more room, size up!) Boots: Hunter “Original Tall” boots–(run large, size down one full size!) but they have a packable version (made of thinner material which easily flattens) which is more practical if you ever want to take them on a trip! If you have larger calves, you might like their adjustable calf version! Sweater: old, but identical here and tunic-length here, Turtleneck: J.Crew Tissue Turtleneck–come in tons of colors and only $29! (Similar versions here and here!), Scarf: Old, but similar here, here and here, Velvet leggings: Spanx (they have a control top too and are SO comfortable! I’ve started wearing them instead of regular leggings and they’re so much cuter! They also come in more colors), Beanie: Similar here, here, here Tote: Madewell Transport Tote (comes in lot’s of colors and so many different styles these days! I seriously love this bag so much!) Last Friday, we got our FIRST snow of the season. I really wasn’t expecting it to stick, much less come down as heavily as it did! Everyone around the city was grumbling, “NOT ALREADY!” but a little part of me was really excited about it. I absolutely love the snow (that is, until it lingers around as dirty, icy slush in February. That part I’m not so thrilled about). But the first snow is always so magical. I will say though, it did totally throw off my calendar because I felt like we should’ve put up the Christmas tree that weekend! Winter in Chicago always means getting creative with your layers–you want to be warm without being bulky, and you also want to be able to easily remove those layers when you get inside (because, chances are, it will be stifling hot!) Here is my go-to layering method, if you’re also searching for some layering inspiration:  Kelly and I always joke that wherever we go in the winter, at least ONE of us is wearing “THE turtleneck“–which is essentially a turtleneck made of super thin t-shirt material. It makes the best under layer–I wear them under crewnecks, cardigans, dresses, sweater dresses, you name it–they add extra warmth without the bulk, and they come in so many colors! Shop more turtleneck tees: (Start at $29!)   Crewneck sweaters, in my opinion, are the most versatile type of sweater, because there are a lot of options to style them. You can layer a tissue turtleneck underneath, a crisp collared shirt, a silk-button down, or you can wear it as your regular under-layer with something like a chunky cardigan over the top! (Stay tuned for more posts to come in my Winter Capsule Wardrobe series to see how I style a crewneck several ways!) Shop more crewneck sweaters:     I think we can all agree that leggings are THE BEST when it comes to comfort. When it comes to warmth though? Meeeehhhh? That’s why I love these velvet leggings. They’re so much thicker than regular leggings so they’re much warmer AND they’re just so cute. Neal looked at me wearing them the other day and he was like “those are leggings…but they…look like pants?” Yes. They do, in fact, look like real pants. Also, they’re made by Spanx and have a control top, which makes them KEY for Thanksgiving. Double thumbs up. (They come in two more colors too–a beautiful dark inky navy and a charcoal grey!) Shop my favorite velvet leggings:     I don’t know why I denied this for so long, probably because I’m an incredibly impatient person and taking the extra time to track down extra accessories before leaving the house was just simply too much work. Hats TRULY make the biggest difference in keeping warm. I used to hate wearing them because I didn’t like how they messed up my hair, and would often try to get away with earmuffs instead. (Wrong. Bad move. Don’t do it, really.) Hats keep so much heat from escaping your body, so invest in a few cute pom pom beanies that actually contribute to your outfit (like the ones below!) and you’ll be a whole lot happier. Same goes with scarves–the warmest way to tie them is the “loop and knot” method that I walked through step by step in my “how to tie a scarf” post!   If I’ve learned anything from living in a place that gives Siberia a run for its money during the winter months, it’s that you cannot skimp by on a cheap winter coat. No matter how much you layer underneath, a cheap winter coat is not going to keep you that warm. I know this isn’t necessarily the case with a lot of other clothing items, but in this instance, you really do get what you pay for.  There are two kinds of winter coats you can purchase–those made with real down (i.e. feathers), and synthetic down. As you might guess, real down has a much better warmth to weight ratio. Meaning it will keep you warm without the extra bulk or weight. Real down also lasts much longer than synthetic. Meaning a real down coat can last you up to twenty years, whereas the average lifespan of a synthetic filled coat, according to my research, is about 7. There’s the measurement of the down within the jacket. This is kind of tricky, and if you guys want a full review that goes more into detail on this, I can definitely do one–but there is something called “fill power” which is the measurement of how much down is in a jacket relative to how heavy it is–essentially, it’s a bit complicated, but good indication of how warm a jacket is going to keep you–so you want to look for a high number here. (And if you see a parka where this info isn’t listed, it’s probably a good indication that it’s not going to be that warm. And when I say warm, I mean, like–Chicago in February warm. If you live in a warmer climate, then by all means, I’m sure that’s fine!) Typically, if you want something that is going to REALLY keep you warm when temperatures dip into the negatives, you’ll want something with around 600 fill power or higher–which, you guessed it, comes with a higher price tag. (Fill power is 675, which is suitable for temps down to -5F/-21C) So let’s first address the elephant in the room: this coat is expensive. Definitely one of the more expensive things I own, but it is also the most functional winter item in my closet. I wear it every. single. day. from November through–let’s be honest, probably March. I don’t know of anything else in my closet or anyone else’s that gets that much wear, and the difference between that and my regular old North Face parka was astounding in terms of warmth. It truly doesn’t compare. I’m so glad I upgraded, and I will never look back. So, some quick math–that’s about 4.5-5 months per year that I wear this coat. So, say, roughly, 150 days. Now, multiply it by 15-20 years of wear that I’ll likely get out of it? That price per wear is prettttty darn cheap, even if the upfront price tag sounds hefty.  I could go on forever about why I love this coat so much, but here are some of the key features that make it the best winter coat out there in my opinion: This is one of the only puffer coats out there that doesn’t make you look like a giant blob. It’s trim and tailored in the waist, and tapers out nicely, hitting right below the knees. The Kensington is another good option if you want something that’s more cinched at the waist! The jacket was very intentionally designed to not let any air escape into the jacket when you’re bundled up. There are snug, rib-knit sleeves so there is no air gaping in between your gloves, and there is a flap that snaps over the zipper to keep any air from seeping in that way. Plus, the zipper goes ALL the way up over your chin. Right up to your nose. Which has been a game-changer when the wind picks up. The other great feature about this is that there are two cords around the neck that tighten and make it even more snug! Perhaps the COOLEST feature of this entire jacket–especially if you’re a commuter to and from work–there are two straps on the inside of the jacket that you can loop your arms through that allow you to take the jacket off and wear it like a backpack. So, for example, when you’re freezing walking to the train in the morning and you get inside the train and are packed in like sardines sweating your you-know-what-off–you can just pull your arms out of the sleeves and virtually take it off, while still keeping it on your back. When it’s time to jump off the train, just slip your arms back in and go. It’s so easy! (See demonstration below!) Nordstrom is my go-to for a lot of things, but especially for a big investment purchase like a coat, because they have an incredible return policy. I like to think of it like insurance. If you aren’t 110% happy with it, you can return or exchange it no questions asked. You never have to be worried about losing your money over something that isn’t the right fit for you. Plus, shipping is free both ways! They stock a ton of Canada Goose jackets too!  Shop more Canada Goose jackets:     In partnership with Nordstrom, one of my favorite retailers that I shop at often. All opinions are 100% my own.  SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Taylor Cannon says  November 15, 2017 at 8:06 am I love this layered look! I don’t know why I never thought to put a turtleneck under a crewneck sweater… so cute! I keep telling myself I need to invest in a Canada Goose jacket-living in Nebraska a warm coat is a must and this one seems perfect.
Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Caroline says  November 15, 2017 at 8:54 am Great post and so spot on! I don’t think that anyone truly gets the winters here until they live here!   Crewneck sweaters and turtlenecks are must too!!  Thank you for sharing your review on that coat too! Have a great day!  
Kristina Anderson says  November 15, 2017 at 9:41 am Woah, I didn’t know about the backpack straps. That really is a game changer! Because I’m one of those crazy people always trying to take off all of my layers on the train   Kristina does the Internets 
Mallory Nicolette says  November 15, 2017 at 10:47 pm Hey there! Is your coat black or navy? I can’t tell in the picture :/ 
Erin Lucy says  November 16, 2017 at 9:09 pm This is a great post, so helpful. I am now definitely thinking about investing in a Canada Goose. I feel like it will be a really worth it purchase for the wear, like you mention. Erin
https://explorelovelive.com/ 
Elizabeth Mayberry says  November 17, 2017 at 7:37 pm Love this outfit!! SO cute! 
Nina says  December 13, 2017 at 7:02 am Hello, great jacket! what kind of blue is it – navy or admiral? Thanks! 
Amy D Smith says  November 16, 2019 at 1:33 am After a long time, I came across a good post on TURTLENECK TEES again. I really owe you thanks, I believe you can help more by expanding the topic further. At least, I can benefit from it greatly, and so can the regular readers of our sweet spot Fashionneo Sale Info. […] Source: The Golden Girl Blog […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Camis And Tanks, Blue Shoes Flats, Sundresses, Gowns Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 12, 2014   It was one of those legendary Chicago summer Sundays that make you forget you’re in a midwestern city all together. Warm, breezy, and down by the water, you could have sworn you were in the French Riviera (if the only restaurant in Monaco happened to be Friendship Cafe Chinese).  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I couldn’t have dreamed up a better outfit for a summer walk on the pier. Have you heard of Buckley K yet? They’re a local Chicago, dynamic-duo, rockstar, pair of sisters. And yes, they are the designers who make this adorably versatile striped dress (c/o). Their mantra: to equip you with versatile, travel-inspired, go anywhere pieces that are ready to hit the road as soon as you are. That means their dresses are ultra- comfortable, wearable to any occasion (I could easily dress this up for a dinner date with a pair of wedges) and most importantly, travel proof. (Even for me, they are VERY hard to wrinkle! Which says a lot, coming from someone who has been referred to as a walking tornado more than once in life.) Styled easily with a classic pair of Keds and a perfect boyfriend shirt (literally) that I swiped from Neal’s closet, it was the perfect casual, summer evening! I love that hint of menswear that balances out the girly elements of the dress. To switch things up, I tied the shirt in the back, rather than going for the classic front tie. This outfit was perfect and effortless on it’s own, so I kept the jewelry to a minimum and opted for a turquoise ring instead.   Dress: Buckley K (c/o), Shirt (stolen from Neal’s closet), Shoes: Keds, Sunnies: Vintage (similar), Ring: Similar      Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Hollie @ Fancykins says  June 12, 2014 at 8:40 pm I haven’t worn plain white Keds since I was in grade school, you make them SO CHIC. Love everything about this look! 
jess keys says  June 13, 2014 at 12:56 pm Haha! That was the best compliment EVER! Thank you Hollie!  
Prink says  June 16, 2014 at 10:25 pm STRIPED DRESS WITH SOCKLESS KEDS ARE SO COOL COMBINATION, I LOOOOOOOOOOVE IIIIIIIIIIIIT, YOU LOOK VERY SEXY, OMFGGGGGGGGGG SWEETIE, I AM GOOOOOOOONNAAAA EXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXPLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODEEEEE!!! YOU ROCK! 
jess keys says  November 30, -0001 at 12:00 am Wow! Thanks, Prink! 
Anne says  June 18, 2014 at 6:56 pm This dress couldn’t look cuter!!! We love how you styled it! – Team Buckley K  
jess keys says  June 24, 2014 at 12:38 pm Thanks, Anne! This is the best dress – it’s one of my new summer favorites  Thanks so much for such a fun collaboration! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Yellow Bikinis, Ivory Wedding Dresses, No Heel Wedges, Turtlenecks On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 25, 2017   Top: c/o Everlane (also available at Nordstrom), Jeans: Levi’s 721 jeans (lot’s of pairs also available on Shopbop), Leopard loafers: Sam Edelman Lior Loafers (come in so many other colors, too!) you also saw them styled in this post, also–these leopard loafers with the bows are SOO cute! Bag: Rebecca Minkoff–exact one is sold out but this version is nearly identical (just a bit larger) and just got marked down to 40% off! Sunnies: Old from Tuckernuck but these are similar and only $55!  Let’s get really real here for a second. Sometimes I still laugh over the fact that I write a style blog. I reference this every so often–but if you saw what I wore back in college, you would’ve thought I was so funnnyyyy if I brought up the idea of starting a blog about style. “How many Kamchatka shots have you had, Keys?” would’ve likely been your response. (Who remembers Kamchatka? SICK.) Anyway, I have made quite a few questionable fashion choices over the years. Like the giant gold belt I used to wear with every outfit that I thought disguised my Freshman 15 ?. But when I started to focus more on adding classic staples to my wardrobe was when things really started coming together for me. I guess in one little corner of my mind, I’ve always had a little bit of “cool girl” insecurity that pops up every so often.  For example, sometimes I get what I refer to as, “imposter syndrome” when I’m say–meeting a client for a meeting. I know that she’s my age. I’m worried that I will get to the coffee shop to find she’s wearing the COOLEST edgiest outfit. She looks like she stepped out of a high-fashion magazine. Suddenly I feel like a stupid imposter because my sweater is from GAP instead of Barney’s. Plus the trench I’m wearing is under $200 and looks like Burberry but isn’t. “If this girl is a so called “style” blogger–why am I dressed so much cooler than her? There’s nothing trendy about her outfit,” I imagine her telling herself in my head. Which is ridiculous, really. Isn’t it?  I mean, the reason I started writing about style in the first place is honestly because I felt like there weren’t enough “normal” girls out there on the internet. Because when I was a girl in my young twenties, I felt inadequate. Especially when I would look at my favorite fashion bloggers each morning when I got to work (because really, isn’t that what EVERYONE does when they get to work? ?). I would think about how achieving that level of “cool” was never in the cards for me. Why couldn’t I dress like that? Why couldn’t I pull that off? (The answer: because I don’t have a million dollars and for the most part, dressing like a street style blogger at Fashion Week just takes way too much effort. WOOF.) Years ago, I would walk into Forever21 and Zara on the regular and spend too much money on super trendy items. Honestly isn’t that what every 22 year old wants? To be cool? To be trendy? I would only wear these once or twice before they got banished to the back of some drawer, because they were “one-off” items that didn’t really play a role in building a “wardrobe.” Amidst these trendy fast-fashion shopping sprees, I gradually realized that a lot of what I was drawn to fashion-wise was classic style–like Jackie Kennedy–or the ever popular “French girl style.” Hmmm. Then I picked up a book in a local boutique called “I Love Your Style” while shopping with my friend Kate, and spent 20 minutes pouring over it while she tried on various items of clothing. She took note of how immersed in the book I was. She surprised me with it as a gift a few weeks later. (I love you Kate!) The book taught me something that had never really occurred to me before–that classic, timeless style was in fact, cool, too. (I would absolutely recommend it for anyone wanting to really fine-tune their personal style!) So I guess the moral of the story is that my entire attitude toward “fashion” changed. I realized that you can still be fashionable without worrying yourself over whether or not the clothes on your body are “in” or “on trend” that season. I realized that “fashion” and “style” were two different things.  They can be completely independent of one another. Realizing this was extremely liberating. So–long story short, that sentiment is the heartbeat of The Golden Girl today. If you’ve ever wondered about the thought process behind what clothes I choose to wear on the blog–that’s it. Making everyday style approachable for every girl. Why am I telling you all of this now? For one, to serve as a reminder to you that everyone has those negative thoughts sometimes in the back of their mind, no matter how silly they are. Blogs have pretty pictures, but the reality behind the pictures is that life isn’t perfect–and that’s okay! That’s a good thing! Imperfections teach us lessons in how to grow and evolve. And secondly, because I thought it was an important set up for this outfit today. Remember that cool-girl-coffee-shop-meeting-complex I described above? When I’m not sure how to be up to par with those “cool girl” fashion standards and have no earthly idea what to wear? I pull on this outfit.    This shirt. Without a doubt. If I had to pick ONE top to wear to every single occasion, every day of the year–it’s this one. Hands down. No other top can be both professional and incredibly sexy, worn to a job interview or to a romantic date, to a swanky downtown party or even a dingey dive bar. Did I mention…it’s under $100? I think my price per wear on this thing has got to be down to one cent per wear. That’s how much I wear it! It’s made by Everlane, which is one of my favorite brands. They are actually my #1 independent brand. I love all of their clothing, and especially love what they stand for. They have ethical factories, greener production methods (their jeans are made in a factory with 98% recycled water!), outstanding quality, and “radical transparency”. Meaning, they list how much it costs to make each of their items. So, you can tell exactly how much they’re marking it up. Because there’s no middleman. They mark it up 2-3x the hard cost, vs. traditional companies, which typically mark up to 6x what it costs to make the clothing. And nope, they aren’t sponsoring this post, and I’ve never been paid to write about them, either. I just love them that much! (Although total transparency–they do send me clothes from time to time to try and, and write about if I like them–no pressure!) But I was a fan of theirs long before the free clothes part  Anyway–it’s pretty awesome to pull on a wardrobe staple I love so much and know that it came from a small American company who is making a difference in the world! I know many of you guys feel the same way about your clothing. So I highly encourage you to check them out! For work, it looks great tucked into a pencil skirt or slacks. If you want to look “under-the-radar sexy-french girl” you can pair it with jeans and undo a button and wear a lacy bralette underneath. (Side note: This post on Cup of Jo is so interesting on the topic of how the French view lingerie differently than Americans. It inspired me!) The possibilities are basically endless, and aside from a black tie affair, I can’t think of a single occasion where it wouldn’t be appropriate to wear! I am partial to white, but it also comes in lot’s of other colors. (I may just have to spring for the blush next.) Everlane also just started selling this top and some of their other key items at Nordstrom (I was so excited when I saw the launch there! GO EVERLANE!!) Additionally, they came out with one with pockets recently! Shop Everlane silk button downs:      I have quite a few pairs of Levi’s that are part of my denim collection. It’s hard to choose one favorite. Honestly, it changes from time to time depending on my mood, but the 721 blue jeans are what I reach for 99% of the time. They look good with everything and look good on everyone. Honestly they are a pretty solid choice for just about any casual occasion. Not to mention, they come in just about every wash imaginable and are super comfy, too! (Shopbop sells quite a few as well!) What I love about Levi’s is that they have always been in-style, and they’re always going to be in-style. They’re classic, timeless, and iconic. When I think about my personal style, those are three words that I always want to embody!  Lately, my go-to “classic shoes with a twist” have been my leopard loafers! I absolutely ADORE them and they required no break-in time whatsoever. They are so comfortable I’ve started to wear them in place of my slippers in the house! What makes them work so well is that they’re a classic shape (not too round, not too pointed toe). They also have an updated hardware that’s a nod to the classic horsebit–BUT–the pattern makes them a really awesome statement piece. They’re a conversation starter without being too loud. But, that doesn’t mean that this outfit combination has to be worn with leopard shoes. (Although if you wanted to dress it up, these leopard pumps would be PERFECT). Play around with classic shapes with a bit of a twist–maybe they’re a fun color, texture (like velvet!) or have fun elements like pom poms, or wrap-around features–I love this pair of block-heels with the wrap-around pom pom ends! These Mary Janes would also be a perfect option! You want something with timeless roots, that makes a bit of a statement at the same time. Another shoe I like to swap in with my silk button down and Levi’s is this pair of oxfords (also from Everlane but available at Nordstrom as well. I’m also in love with their loafers!).  They’re minimalistic, sleek, and are the perfect balance between masculine and feminine. (Plus, this look is gorrggeouuss with the perfect camel coat or classic trench coat draped over your shoulders!) Shop more “classic shoes with a twist”    Photos by Cassandra  Filed Under: Outfits, Style Tagged With: wardrobe essentials, what to wear 
paisleigh telford says  October 25, 2017 at 7:08 am For real the first thing I do at work is open up GG and KITC and read the daily posts (hence my 7:07am comment time. Sorry boss. Ha.) Glad I’m not the only one  Been super inspired lately by GG blog and currently transitioning old and outgrown clothing from my closet to create a closet I love and not one that overwhelms me with options. Thanks, Jess! 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  October 25, 2017 at 8:15 am YES I literally head to GG the second I get to work every single day. (When your posts are a little late it kills me hehe) The reason I love your blog so much is because of your real, attainable style. When I don’t know what to wear I head straight to your insta for inspiration!  I never shamelessly promote myself, but I gotta thank you for all the outfit and blogging help over the past year or so since I started following your blog (and BFK, which I love but I do miss your “Ask Jess” videos!).  Your leather leggings capsule wardrobe remix post totally inspired my own variation on the subject (don’t worry I gave you credit  ). Thanks for all the inspo, Jess! http://www.polishedandpink.com/leather-pants-outfit/ Ok, crazy fangirling over… 
Taylor Cannon says  October 25, 2017 at 8:20 am LOVE this post! I absolutely relate to what you said about “imposter syndrome” and about starting a blog because there weren’t enough normal/everyday girls online. That is exactly why I started my own blog yet I still often get that feeling of being an imposter.
As always I love your style and enjoy reading every morning (aka from my office at work lol)!
Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Ali says  October 25, 2017 at 9:03 am You are so not alone in this! Whenever I have meetings, I end up trying on 500 outfits, look like I am trying so hard and then end up in something classic and simple. I think you end up feeling your best when you feel like yourself!  Happy Wednesday, Jess! xox-Ali 
kirsten says  October 25, 2017 at 9:25 am Hahaha I feel called out for reading your blog first thing at work  Totally what I’m doing right now! 
Katie says  October 25, 2017 at 9:40 am Exactly why I enjoy reading your blog- because it’s practical and relatable!  Thanks for the inspo! 
Abby @ TheNyquists.com says  October 25, 2017 at 10:22 am LOVE the purse (and this whole post!) I don’t think the link is working for the identical purse for 40% off, can you re post that!? Thanks!! 
Alex | Gilded Gal says  October 25, 2017 at 11:37 am I view personal style very similarly! I gravitate towards simple, classic pieces that can we worn every day – whether in the office or at a bar. Every now and then, I’ll toss in a few trendier pieces – currently it’s off-the-shoulder tops and bell sleeves!  And … you bet that I’m typing this comment while “taking a break” at the office :)! 
Lauren says  October 31, 2017 at 11:23 am I was just wondering – is this Everlane shirt a pure white, or more of a cream shade? 
Jess says  October 31, 2017 at 12:11 pm Hi Lauren! Haha it’s kind of an in-between. It’s not stark white, but it’s not cream either. It’s a really pretty shade!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Bikinis, Gold Flat Shoes, Long Black Maxi Dresses, Yellow Bikinis and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 9, 2018   On Neal: Harper shorts, Ace Long Sleeve Tee, Irving Packable Jacket (all run TTS, Neal wears a Medium) c/o of Lolë  On me: Sierra Edition Leggings (run a little big in the waist–so you could size down if you’re on the fence. I’m wearing small!), Martha Sweater (supposed to be oversized! Runs TTS) I also love this turtleneck version! Maria Packable jacket (runs TTS–I also own their Emeline jacket, which is similar, and love it too!) c/o Lolë So excited about this post today! (And you will be too!) Something cute, practical, and comfy for you–something cute, comfy, and practical for him ?–ding ding ding–sign me up! Remember one of my favorite athletic brands, Lolë? They’re a Canadian brand–the one I went to Montreal with last year–remember? (See this post and this post!) Neal and I are teaming up again with them today to style some of their new arrivals, because… We are SO honored! When it comes to my favorite brand partnerships at all time, they are at the top! They are truly a wonderful company (we got to tour their beautiful headquarters in Montreal–they have on-site fitness classes all the time, they go above and beyond to make sure their employees have a healthy work-life balance!) they actively try to make the world a better place, and they make awesome, quality clothes that you will LIVE in. (LOLË actually stands for Live Out Loud Everyday!) It’s a brand you really feel good buying. And speaking of Neal’s workout clothes–he’s often wearing them in most of his instagram story cameos ? A few of you have messaged me on Instagram asking, “how do I get my guy to stop wearing his old ratty college clothes to the gym and wear nice workout clothes like Neal instead?”–this post is for you guys, especially! We had a lot of fun shooting these photos this past weekend in my favorite Chicago park–Humboldt Park–and we’ll be wearing these essentials for many fall days to come–walking around the neighborhood on the 606 trail, “running” to Humboldt park (aka Neal running circles around me as I refuse to do anything but power walk ?) lounging around the house, and everything in between.  If your guy is the kind that constantly only wants to wear a fleece zip-up because he hates the bulk of a warmer jacket (but you both know he NEEDS a warmer jacket…) this is going to be the best investment he’s ever made. It’s incredibly warm–rain, wind and snow repellant–but it’s very thin and folds up into a teeny tiny pouch–so if you’re going on any trips, it’s the ideal jacket to bring! Perfect for long fall walks, or cold winter runs. It also has zipper pockets and even a key cord to ensure quick access and that they never fall out of your pocket. (Plus, let’s state the obvious–it’s so much more aesthetically pleasing than that old pilling fleece zip-up ?). This all-purpose tee is a classic go-to for all occasions for colder seasons. It’s 100% Pima cotton (which is very rare in most activewear brands!) It’s stronger than regular cotton and it’s great for all fall activities from running outside to tailgating ? Neal prefers cotton to dry-fit type shirts in the fall/winter because they’re much softer, less scratchy, and more versatile! The fit is also great–it’s somewhere between a slim and a relaxed fit, so it’s super comfortable and soft, but still looks polished. He is also obsessed with their grey crewneck sweatshirt for the same reasons–and he has his eye on their new half-zip too which is made of fine merino wool, which is super soft and naturally moisture wicking! These are the first activewear piece that Lolë introduced for men! Neal is always looking for versatile active shorts (that aren’t his green college football IWU shorts ?) and these fit the bill! He’s very picky about length–these aren’t too short or too long–at 7″ they’re perfect–and they have angled pockets to make sure keys, wallet, etc stay put–as well as a zippered pocket! They are also eco-conscious (OEKO-TEX® certified!) He’s got his eye on their awesome sweatpants! Shop more Lolë menswear:    I love love love this jacket! Not only do I love how it looks, but it’s so incredibly warm for being so light! It’s their newest packable jacket that is filled with a vegan alternative to down–it has the warmth equivalent of 700 fill-power goose down (that’s the warmth of your warmest winter jacket!) Like Neal’s, it also packs down into a teeny little pouch, making it ideal for travel, especially if you’re planning to go on a lot of outdoor adventures in chilly weather. It’s great for layering or wearing on its own, and it comes in ton’s of colors! Shop more packable jackets:  I love Lolë’s leggings because I often get really hot when I’m doing hot yoga or Orangetheory (I have a very low tolerance for being hot ?) and a lot of workout pants can be thick and make me feel like I’m suffocating–these are made of a different material that is thinner but still substantial, so you feel “held in” without the extra heat! Because the fabric is different than most, it’s also way less prone to pilling as well! It’s quick-drying, has 4-way stretch, moisture wicking, UPF 50+ (so great for running outside!) and like the men’s shorts, also eco-friendly! If you’re looking for more leggings reccos, I also love their burst leggings! Shop more leggings:  If you’ve been looking for the perfect slouchy, lightweight v-neck sweater–this is it! ?? It’s perfect to throw on over your sports bra or tank to and from yoga, with leggings around the house, or out at night with jeans! After we shot this, we actually went out for a friend’s birthday dinner and I paired it with skinny jeans and heels! It was so cute. They have a ton of great sweaters right now that are really versatile and ideal if you wear a lot of athleisure but want something polished that you can dress up as well! Shop more Lolë sweaters:  Lolë’s Lily totes are probably one of my biggest obsessions of life. They are SO incredibly versatile–it’s a tote that converts into a backpack, it has a sleeve for your yoga mat, a laptop sleeve, tons of pockets, water bottle pocket, a phone pocket, a key clip so you can always find your keys, a bag for your shoes, and a removable cosmetic pouch. It’s AMAZING.          This post brought to you by one of my favorite athletic brands, Lolë! Thanks for supporting the brands that allow me to keep creating the best possible content that I can for my best girls! (AKA YOU!)  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Julie | This Main Line Life says  October 9, 2018 at 4:29 pm Love these pieces. This is a new brand for me so thanks for introducing it 
Alexandria says  October 10, 2018 at 8:29 pm This post comes at the right time for me! My husband recently observed that when I get home after a long day I immediately change into cozy athleisure or pajamas, and that he’s jealous because I look so comfortable and he doesn’t have anything similar to wear. So I started looking around for nice men’s athleisure and found that it’s much harder when looking for him than it is for me. In this area women just seem to have more options. I have never heard of this brand and it seems to be just what I was looking for. Thank you! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Maxi Dresses, White Gowns, Blue Shoes Flats, Gold Lariat Necklaces and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 13, 2018  Today’s summer capsule post was created in partnership with American Eagle Outfitters. Despite being sponsored, I am in LOVE with this brand again and can’t wait to show you more of my favorite [cute, versatile, and super affordable] pieces, and how I styled them for a long summer weekend!  Hi from Nantucket, guys! I have a feeling you guys are going to reaaaaaalllyyy like today’s post ?? I haven’t done a capsule post in quite some time and we are VERY overdue! So if you’ve got a long weekend (or you know, a regular length weekend) coming up and you have absolutely no idea what to pack, that’s where I come in ? This specific summer capsule wardrobe was curated to be extremely versatile, so you can wear these pieces anywhere you please–and of course, by all means, feel free to make swaps wherever you feel the need! The best part? I’m showing you 6 different outfits to wear for each day AND night, for three nights in a row, using the pieces you see right here! The bulk of the pieces used in this capsule are–wait for it–AMERICAN EAGLE. So, if you haven’t really considered them in your wardrobe rotation since, um– high school–you are about to be BLOWN AWAY. They have so many great staples at insane prices (seriously, like starting at less than $30!) that are versatile, comfortable, well-made, and most of all–adorable. I know you’re going to love them as much as I do! Ready to jump into the capsule already? Let’s go! I saw this dress online and was immediately smitten with the silhouette, pattern, and the button-front details. It’s so feminine and dainty! But then when I got it in the mail, I realized it was THE SOFTEST THING I have ever put on my body. ? At $30–I can confidently say this might be your new favorite budget buy yet. Despite hot summer temperatures, I STILL often find myself chilly–between cranked up AC in coffee shops, restaurants, (or in your case, your office–a common summer arctic tundra) and cool breezes on the water, you need a light sweater that is going to keep you warm but not cause you to overheat. It’s a fine line, you know? That’s why I immediately fell in love with this sweater, it’s a summer sweater with wide crochet details, long bell sleeves, and a hood to make it extra cozy–it’s actually my new favorite swim cover-up, too! (I was actually between this one and this one, which is also a great choice!) If you’ve been looking for a new pair of high-waisted skinnies to wear this summer that don’t feel so dark and wintery–I found ’em! Honestly, I absolutely love these jeans with the button-fly details, TONS of stretch, and a flattering high-waist. Also, I knew I had to try a pair of AE jeans because I’ve had several of you guys message me on Instagram and tell me how amazing they were! I love these rolled for a casual summer look–and I’m thinking of cutting off the hems so they’re raw at the bottom…what are your thoughts? ? Shop more AE jeans here!  I really want to try their high-waisted girlfriend jeans–I’ve heard such good things about them from a few of you guys!  These shorts are A-MAZING. If you buy one pair of shorts this summer, they should probably be these. They are so incredibly comfortable, they basically feel like you’re wearing nothing, and they’re as cool as your favorite breezy dress. My favorite thing about them is that they pull on–making them great to wear to the beach, too! They’re also loose enough to where you can actually dress them up with heels while feeling classy and age-appropriate at the same time. (Usually when I try to wear shorts with heels I feel like I’m in high-school ?). Shop more similar shorts here!  I haven’t bought any new swimsuits this season but I KNOW you guys are on a major hunt for them, so I wanted to order one from Aerie because, again, I’ve heard so many good things!  Also, I don’t just love that their brand is incredibly body-positive (they feature models of all sizes with no photoshopping or air-brushing!) but their suits are really adorable too. I decided to go the mix and match route, and went for this halter bikini (it has the cutest tie back!) and a pair of red bikini bottoms (and they’re not too cheeky either–they’re the best happy medium coverage!) Shop all Aerie swim here!  My trusty neutral heels–these are about as comfortable as they come! I can wear them all night without feeling like I want to saw my feet off at the end of the night. (Which is rare!) They’re a great mix of “barely there” so they’re super flattering but they also add a fun textural element to any outfit! (If you don’t like cork, they come in tons of other colors, too!) Another pair of summer shoes that win “most comfortable” award. These require ZERO break-in time and the leather is so soft! They come in multiple colors! (They also sell them here if your size is sold out!) Everyone needs a great white tank! (Similar here, too for only $11!) You can wear it everywhere from the beach to dinner–it’s always a classic choice! I’ve been lovvvingg white on white recently–I think it’s such a crisp combination so I thought it was the perfect layer for this long weekend capsule wardrobe. You can get mine here, but this one is also cute (and affordable!) if you prefer a more distressed look! I love a good straw purse! This one is so cute with its pom pom detail, but I also love this version! Straw bags are super neutral, so they’re a great capsule wardrobe option because they match anything you’re wearing! I also love this circle cross-body version! I am in LOVE with this tote. It holds a ton of stuff, making it a great travel tote and beach tote! I love a good pair of affordable sunnies, because I tend to be accident prone and I won’t feel quite so bad if I lose them overboard, or accidentally scratch them! The pair I’m wearing in all my looks here is on sale for only $11 and I absolutely love the tortoise color and vintage oval shape! Also, statement earrings can go a long way to dress up a look and make it suitable for a night out! I wear a few different styles here, some are old and some are current–but since earrings don’t take as much room, you can pack as few or as many as you like! Linking some of my favorites here:  The perfect travel outfit–with super stretchy jeans (they’re comfy, the perfect summery wash AND the stretchy jegging denim won’t make you overly hot, either!) a white tank, summer cardigan, and comfortable slides. This outfit is comfy while being chic, and warm enough to combat that airplane AC without being too overly hot when you walk out of the airport! Plus, you’ll be able to fit all your essentials (laptop, toiletries, makeup, a book, and magazines) into this seemingly bottomless Mary Poppin’s style raffia tote!     Whenever I’m on a trip, I want to spend as little time as possible in the hotel (or rental house!) so being able to just do a quick change of essentials is essential. Keep the jeans and tank, swap flats for neutral heels, upgrade to statement earrings, swap the tote for a cute pom pom bag, and trade your cozy sweater for a crisp white jean jacket–and you’re ready to hit the town!    Proof that this super soft summer dress is about as versatile as they come– wear it during the day with your favorite comfy slides and the “perfect summer weight” sweater if it gets a little breezy by the lake! Another added perk–the length of the dress ensures you can walk around ALL day without worrying about a Marilyn Monroe moment when the breeze hits it just right. (This is something I have recently noticed more and more as I’ve gotten older and come to appreciate midi dresses for this exact reason ?) I know I mentioned this above, but just to reiterate, this is probably the most comfortable dress I have EVER owned–it feels like pajamas! Finally, the raffia tote that was your travel bag yesterday is perfect for stashing farmer’s market finds today!      It seems like every vacation I go on, it’s always a mad dash to get home and change for dinner, only to turn around and rush back out again! I love a dress like this because it’s super versatile and all it requires is, again, a change of shoes, purse, and earrings, that fresh white jean jacket thrown over your shoulder, and you’re ready to head back out the door. This outfit is suitable for everything from a swanky downtown restaurant, to a garden party at grandmas, or a backyard BBQ at your friends new fancy house.      Beach day! These loose flowy shorts and breezy knit cardigan are the perfect cover-ups for a breezy beach day. (The shorts are especially nice as a cover-up because they’re not form fitting and they have elastic in the back so they slip right off–no awkward bottoms-almost-coming-off moment when you pull off your shorts!) I absolutely love how easy it is to mix and match your ideal suit with their Bikini Mix and Match section–I went with the mismatched look here–a striped top and red bottoms– because–duh–I LOVE stripes, and a punchy orangey-red is one of my favorite colors. The two were basically made for each other. (I have the classic bikini bottoms which are the perfect amount of coverage!) Two more beach essentials: this trusty tote bag, and the easy slip-off slides! (P.S. Can you tell how crazy the wind was the day that we shot these?! I was glad to have the cardigan, haha!)       When you get home from the beach, it’ll be time to round out your weekend with some last hurrah cocktails before heading home in the AM! Luckily getting dressed won’t take much time ? Dress up those same shorts you wore to the beach with neutral heels, your tank, swap your bag, add some earrings–and you’re ready for Margaritas!     Big thanks to American Eagle for partnering with me on this post and allowing me to put so many of their pieces to the test! I hope you give them a try–after about a 10 year hiatus, I am so hooked on this brand once again!  Photos by Hannah Schweiss  Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Outfits, Style  
Allie says  June 13, 2018 at 6:25 am It looks like you’ve got all the basics covered for a perfect long weekend! I love that swim suit – I have a short torso so anything with a higher neckline is super flattering. Happy Wednesday! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Aoife says  June 13, 2018 at 8:22 am This might be your best capsule wardrobe post yet! Love all of these looks so much, and you look so stunning. 
Caitlin Edwards says  June 13, 2018 at 8:51 am This is awesome! I actually just bought some jean shorts from AE because its the only place I can find a good fit that is long enough. I”ve been wearing jean shorts from AE that I bought in high school.  Love these other picks! http://www.themilestraveled.com 
Kristin says  June 13, 2018 at 11:28 am Really cute, but couldn’t do a long weekend with one white tank for top options.  I’d add a long sleeved chambray , denim or navy linen shirt to tie, tuck or layer/coverup. 
Diana says  June 13, 2018 at 8:04 pm I always enjoy a great capsule wardrobe post. Love all the outfits! Thank you! 
Tina says  June 19, 2018 at 6:33 am Love! Do more capsules!!! 
Tina says  June 23, 2018 at 1:02 pm Très chic! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Rebecca Taylor Blouses, High Waist Flare Pants, Classic Tops, White And Black Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 1, 2015     Believe it or not, Chiberia (that’s what we call the arctic tundra that is Chicago during the winter months) is fast approaching, friends. I always get mixed feelings during this time of year. On one hand, I absolutely love fall. I love the fresh, chilly air, cozying up and watching football with close friends and lot’s of amazing snacks (fine, I mostly like football for the snacks), pulling my boots and sweaters out of storage, and most of all–it’s the season when Neal and I fell in love  (Aw. Woof. Sorry.)  Okay, you’re with me. That’s the good part. On the other hand, it means we’re just one step closer to winter. Shudder. Chiberia is no joke. Blizzards, water freezing in mid air, and often, our favorite fall boots getting chewed up and spit out by a combination of those nasty elements and pounds of sidewalk salt. (OH the sidewalk salt.)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 BUT. On the bright side, that also means Christmas, pretty lights strung down Michigan Avenue, hot-spiced wine, staying in with lot’s of wine, Old Fashioneds, and lot’s of homemade soup. Plus, I’m going to show you how to avoid getting your favorite shoes eaten alive by Chiberia.  You got me. Fine. Part of me IS really excited for winter. But enough talk about that, and let’s get on with how to weatherproof your shoes.     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

    I can’t tell you how many fallen pairs of shoes I’ve lost to winter. I’m pretty rough on my shoes in general. I find a pair I absolutely love, and I wear them into the ground. But to help them last as long as possible, I make sure I weatherproof them with Scotchgard Protector. I’m teaming up with them this season to show you how you can Chiberia-proof literally everything.  Scotchgard Brand is a brand we always had around the house growing up. When I went off to live on my own, my mom continued to nag me to “Scotchgard your new shoes before you set foot outside!” Neal now echoes the same sentiment.  Well, like any average 22 year old, I brushed off my mother’s nagging to be just that–unnecessary nagging.  And shocker. Guess what. She was right. Guess how long it takes to ruin a pair of non-waterproofed boots? Or suede pumps?  Oh right. ZERO MINUTES.  Ever since, I’ve been pretty diligent about weatherproofing my shoes. So when Scotchgard Brand reached out to me about this partnership, I was like–well obviously, hopefully I can help you guys save your shoes too! (#SOS! Save Our Shoes!) I originally thought it was only necessary to proof materials like suede. But honestly, you can spray it on just about anything (more on that in another post!) I use the Scotchgard Fabric & Upholstery Protector on my sneakers, too. (My white fabric sneaks are my favorite, but OH do they attract all of the dirt.)  In particular, my brand new suede ankle boots are just asking to be spilled on. I actually really need to shoot them but I decided not to even set FOOT outside in them without spraying them first. You know, knowing my track record. (Side note, full outfit shoot coming soon!)       Let’s be honest, this is a no-brainer. You don’t need my step-by-step instructions. But some pointers:  Spray in a well-ventilated area, thoroughly in a sweeping motion, about 6 inches away from your shoes. Be careful not to oversaturate–two thinner coats are better than one thick one! Then let dry overnight, and you’re ready to go the next morning. Pretty easy, right?  Other questions:  Will it affect the texture of my shoes?  No, the spray does not affect the texture. The suede on my shoes was still as soft as before.  Will it change the color of the material?  This isn’t typical, but it can, though not drastically. I’d recommend testing on a really small patch (maybe the back of your boots, or the inside of your right and left shoes, to make sure the color doesn’t wipe off.)  How often should I re-apply?  It depends on how often you wear your shoes. If you wear them a ton, a couple times per season can’t hurt!  Which spray should I use for which material?  For suede boots, opt for the Scotchgard Suede & Nubuck Protector. For canvas shoes, use the Scotchgard Fabric & Upholstery Protector.    On October 3rd, I’ll be at the West Town Art Walk with Scotchgard Brand, showing you more tips and tricks to care for your favorite items during winter and protect the things you love. Be sure to also join in the conversation by tagging your social posts and images using #LoveYourThings and #Scotchgard. Looking forward to seeing you there!   Haven’t pulled the trigger on new fall boots yet? Shop some of my favorites below!    Photos by Kelly Larkin   I am a compensated Scotchgard Brand-sponsored blogger.  Opinions are my own and all additional products used in the project were selected by me.  Filed Under: Advice, Lifestyle, Style  
Carly says  October 1, 2015 at 8:48 am UGH you sound like my mother…and you’re so right. I’ve lost far too many pretty shoes to salty sidewalks. Let’s have a moment of silence for the beauties we’ve lost… k off to buy Scotchguard now.
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Kelly in the City says  October 1, 2015 at 10:16 am Pretty sure I need to trade front stoops with that mansion down the street…  XOXO 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  October 1, 2015 at 4:15 pm I’m NOT looking forward to cold weather!!   Her Heartland Soul
http://herheartlandsoul.com 
nasiol nano coating says  July 28, 2016 at 6:59 am If you want to improve the quality and longevity of your belongings, it is a good idea to waterproof them. Want to learn how to make  visit here: http://www.nasiol.com/ 
Brandi McLoughlin says  September 30, 2017 at 1:37 pm Would it be safe to use the Fabric spray on suede shoes? I already had it handy & just bought a pair of cute suede booties. 
Nikki says  November 11, 2017 at 2:04 pm I wanted to know the same thing……have a pair of Uggs I want to spray with SG fabric & upholstry spray because I have it on hand […] go-to Barbour coat, a silk scarf, and suede booties (that I was sure to protect and weatherproof with Scotchgard Suede & Nubuck Protector before setting foot outside, thankfully, because it […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Black Pump Shoes, Rebecca Taylor Blouses, Designer Gowns On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 23, 2015   Dress: J.Crew (just reduced from $80 to $39!!) // Shoes: Zara (old, but similar here, here, and here) // Purse: Kate Spade (old, but similar here  here, here) // Watch: Anne Klein–on sale! (also love this one and this one) // White oxford: Ralph Lauren (get the little boy’s version, it’s cheaper!)  I’m officially back from Ireland! I can’t believe how fast it went! We were so sad to come home, but desperately missed ice and breakfast (two things they aren’t really into in Europe). Luckily, Chicago is always a great city to return home to! If you weren’t following along on Instagram, be sure to check out the snaps I shared on my trip! (Plenty more photos coming soon!) Now I’m crossing my fingers that recovering from a week off isn’t as stressful as it was cramming two weeks of work into one right before I left, but I guess only time will tell!   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Now, onto today’s post! I’ve been like, really into ribbons lately. Mostly tying them in my hair (which came in really handy in Ireland, where the water turned my hair into a mysterious poodle texture that I’ve never experienced previously in life) but I also love the look of one tied around the neck instead of a necklace (which looks especially adorable with an oxford–another travel staple of mine over the past week!) Which now I notice has been worn quite often lately on the blog, sorry about that! I also got a request to style an outfit with tights awhile back, which I rarely ever do, but love the look of tights with these heels, which make this casual dress (on MAJOR sale, by the way!) a little more feminine and girly. In other news–what have I missed while I was gone? Please fill me in! I feel so out of the loop. I hope everyone has a great start to their week!    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Mini Bags, Graphic Sweatshirts, Metallic Shoes, Tassel Earrings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 11, 2015  
Hi friends! Just popping in this afternoon to let you know there are some major sales happening right now, so make sure you take advantage of the savings while you can. Most exciting sale award: Tuckernuck’s 20% off sale, which includes both Barbour jackets as well as Canada Goose coats! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Scroll down to see ALL the details.   Tuckernuck
 Save 20% on current winter items (ALL THE GOOD STUFF!) Which equals major discounts on Canada Goose jackets, Barbour jackets, and more!      Nordstrom
Up to 60% off designer clearance (lot’s of awesome gifts!) Plus, have you ever checked out their “wit and wonder” gift section? So many cute and cheeky gifts! (I love this throw pillow, and gold pineapple tumbler!) Gifts for him:   Gifts for her:       Bloomingdales  
Save up to 20%-50% off select items, plus 50% off designer handbags!     Anthropologie  25% off full priced apparel if you sign up for Anthro’s email list plus free shipping on orders $150+.  P.S. They have the cutest options for holiday party and NYE outfits–like this cozy sweater with lace sleeve detailing, and fringe jumpsuit! Even if you’re not shopping for clothing, Anthro is my-go place for affordable little gifts, like these mugs and these mugs, as well as coffee table books, which are always crowd pleasers! 
 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
     J.Crew
40% off all sweaters, 30% off everything else, and extra 40%-50% off sale items! SO many great gift options for everyone on your list–clothing, accessories, stocking stuffers, and more! CODE: FRIDAY
     Happy Shopping!  Filed Under: Holiday, Shop, Style  
Kaylee and Shaguna says  December 11, 2015 at 4:04 pm Thanks for the heads up! It’s time for me to really crack down on Christmas shopping, oops!
Shaguna 
Jess says  December 14, 2015 at 10:29 pm It totally sneaks up on you, doesn’t it!? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pumps Heels, Long Black Maxi Dresses, White Sleeveless Blouse, Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 13, 2017   Dress: c/o Chicwish–only $61! (also comes in pink and white!) Very similar here and here, and similar sleeveless styles here and here. // Sandals: Splendid “Colleen” Sandals (also come in white and black) also–those are Blair’s yellow sandals on the blanket, you can get them here! // Straw tote: Vintage, but similar here, here (with a navy stripe and white stripe, so cute!) and here // Sunnies: c/o Tuckernuck, similar here and here // Bracelets: c/o Monica Vinader and Busywrist // Lipstick: Burberry Bright Plum // Initial necklace: identical here in gold and rose gold! I also love this version Happy Tuesday! How has your week been going so far? With this amazing summer heat I’m still wishing we were in Wisconsin! We went up to Lake Delevan (not the same as Lake Geneva, which I was calling it before, haha, but very close by!) for our friends wedding. It was absolutely beautiful–the weather couldn’t have been better and every detail was stunning! We stayed at Lake Lawn resort–so many of you messaged me on Instagram about it! It was so cute–it reminded me of the resort they stay at in Dirty Dancing! It was so fun! It was a big reunion for my group of college girlfriends and it was so much fun. I wore this new periwinkle lace dress to the wedding and it was the perfect choice for a summer wedding guest dress! (I got lot’s of compliments and nobody believed me when I told them it was only $60!) It also comes in pink and white–perfect for brides-to-be! I love how versatile it is, because you can wear it during the day with casual sandals or you can dress it up with a pair of heels and fun earrings! If you’re wondering what to wear to a party this summer–I think this would be an amazing option, no matter what kind of party it is! For a more casual occasion, like a day party, brunch, or a picnic in the park, I love pairing it with a straw tote–(mine is vintage, but love this similar one!) along with flat, casual sandals. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Speaking of, you’ll recognize these sandals in particular from several other outfit posts as I’ve been wearing them daily. They’re my go-to flat sandals and are so comfortable–they didn’t even need any breaking in! If you often have trouble finding a pair of sandals that don’t rub and irritate your feet, please try these–I will be shocked if anyone doesn’t agree that they feel like butter on your feet. For more dressy occasions, i.e. the wedding I attended this weekend, it’s a snap to glam up this dress with a few accessories! I paired it with neutral t-strap pumps and my Cult Gaia Ark Bag. (Duh.) Someone came up to me and told me it was the perfect fashionable bag to transport her chinchillas. Hahaha. (Totally?!)      Shop this post:    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Filed Under: Food + Drink, Lifestyle, Outfits, Style  
Classic Catherine says  June 13, 2017 at 6:01 am This dress is darling! If I wasn’t in my third trimester I would be ordering, ha. I can try the sandals, though! I was just thinking that I need comfy, cute sandals for summer!
xoxo,
Classic Catherine 
Britney Crawley says  June 13, 2017 at 9:01 am Such a pretty dress! At first glance it seems pretty fancy, but I like that it’s versatile and can be dressed up or down for a pretty but more casual look. And speaking of versatility, who knew the ark bag was so perfect for transporting small creatures? I guess they can get plenty of airflow?  
Samantha Tananbaum says  June 13, 2017 at 10:05 am LOVE this dress! Such a pretty color and flattering silhouette! I haven’t always loved what I’ve ordered from Chicwish, but I think I need to give them another chance. xx
Sam 
Mary Fremeau says  June 13, 2017 at 10:38 am I literally just saw this dress from Chicwish and thought it was gorgeous! I love to see it on someone! Now I know it’s perfect!! You look so pretty!
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Carly | The Clydescope says  June 13, 2017 at 2:47 pm Totally agree, best bag for chinchilla transportation.
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Tia Perciballi says  June 13, 2017 at 3:59 pm Love this dress! I think periwinkle might be my favorite color!
http://www.tiaperciballi.com 
samantha stone says  June 14, 2017 at 3:06 pm Jess, I love this color on you! I have similar coloring so I may have to order it for myself 
http://www.the-current-classic.com 
Madeline Mihaly says  June 14, 2017 at 9:02 pm Jess that dress is stinkin’ adorable on you. Absolutely perfect for a summer wedding. xo, Maddy
http://cassidylou.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Maxi Dresses, White And Blue Dresses, Striped Dresses, Gold Lariat Necklaces and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 21, 2014  Photo via I want to be her 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I was doing my usual Pinterest stalking the other day and came across one pin that I couldn’t stop thinking about. One of those that makes you immediately dash to your closet and realize you do  in fact have all the necessary ingredients to make this incredible fashion cocktail you can’t believe you didn’t think of sooner.  That was this photo. Seriously? How is this something that had never crossed my mind? There is something so casual-grunge, yet so astonishingly chic, you can’t put your finger on it. Canadian tuxedos everywhere just got a serious upgrade. It immediately gave me the most violent season-swing (yes, that’s similar to mood swing, but typically associated with emotions that only the weather in Chicago can evoke). I am now perfectly okay with fall approaching, so I can get away with wearing this outfit 3 days per week (ah, the benefits of working from home!) How to do it? Start with a button down chambray shirt, preferably in a slightly darker wash, which will look nicest juxtaposed with white. Pair with skinnies of a similar wash — which, typically, I would be against if you’re going straight denim-on-denim (THEN that would be a look to make Cousin Eddie swoon). However, since the white blazer becomes the focal point of your outfit, the similar head-to-toe color eliminates any background noise and really lets that gem of a blazer sparkle. Speaking of sparkle, finish it off with a statement necklace, and you’re ready to go.  Shop this look now, my friend, so you’re prepared when the temperatures cool!  Perfect chambray button down  Chic white blazer  Classic denim skinnies    Filed Under: Style, Styling tips  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Printed Jumpsuits, Denim Capris, Graphic Sweatshirts, Black Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 31, 2015   Dress: c/o StyleStalker // Shoes: Old (identical here) // Bag: (borrowed from Kelly, but similar here!) // Necklace: Dogeared // Bracelet: c/o Shamelessly Sparkly      Friends, this might be my favorite little white dress of all time. It’s by the brand StyleStalker which has quickly become one of my new favorites. (I have another dress from them to show you soon that I absolutely adore!) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I mean, it’s perfect. I love the barely-there spaghetti straps, and the intricate details of the lace. If I were getting married, I would totally wear this in my engagement photos. Actually I probably will wear it in my engagement photos, when I’m 40. (:-P)  Funny story about this dress, actually.  I wore it to speak on the Teen Vogue panel last weekend in Indianapolis (which was SUCH a blast!) Timing actually worked out perfectly, because I was planning to be in Indianapolis the following night anyway for my friend Courtney’s engagement party.  Well, I was in such a hurry and so frazzled, I was packing and figured, “hey, I’ll just wear whatever I wear for the Teen Vogue panel to Courtney’s party!”  And then I showed up in a white dress. To an engagement party.  WHAT. AN. A-HOLE.  Luckily, my other best friend named Courtney brought this to my attention, and it became a huge joke with all of my friends who were there. Thank god these were my best friends, and not someone I didn’t know that well. Of course, being the laid-back bride that she is, Courtney (the one whose engagement party it was. Actually both of my friends named Courtney are engaged, so this will continue to be a confusing topic, but hopefully you’ve stuck with me thus far) didn’t care at all, and actually asked if she could borrow this dress for her engagement photos.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

So I guess all wasn’t lost. But I will forever be scarred from wearing a white dress to my one of my best friend’s engagement parties. In fact I am still so embarrassed about it, I almost didn’t tell you this story.  But I seem to share more on the internet than I do in real life, which totally makes sense.  Actually that’s not true, I’m a word-vomiter no matter what platform you choose to communicate with me in.  Anyway, by the time you’re reading this, I will be recovering from my friend Coley’s bachelorette party in Vegas (I have a lot of engaged friends, if you haven’t noticed), so please send me good vibes.  (And no, I didn’t even BRING anything white, just in case that fiasco happened again.)     
     Shop this post:    Photos by Kelly Larkin Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Natalie @ Natalie Was Here says  August 31, 2015 at 8:23 am SO cute, lady! And your story…I died. Totally something I would do by complete accident, too!  xo,
Natalie | Natalie Was Here 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:12 pm Thanks Natalie! Hahah I’m glad I’m not alone! 
Megan says  August 31, 2015 at 9:09 am Such a beautiful dress! I LOVE the lace detail! And oh my, how crazy about the engagement party. Love that it was your best friends and all was fine. Definitely a funny story to laugh at for years to come! xo Megan, Lush to Blush 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:12 pm Thanks Megan!! Seriously, we’ll be laughing when we’re 40…I hope!! 
Courtney Wilson says  August 31, 2015 at 9:23 am I am finally in a blog post that you wrote!  ; )  I feel famous and very honored!  Regardless of if the dress was white or not, you looked stunning at the engagement party! 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:12 pm You are just being nice because this is a public forum  
Kristina Anderson says  August 31, 2015 at 10:11 am I wore white pants to a friend’s bridal shower without even thinking about it. I got there and thought “noooooooooooooooooo!!!” hahaha. Hope you had a fun trip! Kristina does the Internets 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:11 pm Better than a WHITE DRESS Kristina!!  Oh man!! 
Kelly in the City says  August 31, 2015 at 11:00 am Happy memories at 1354 West Webster.  Hehe MISS YOU COME HOME ALREADY Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:11 pm  
Amelia Vesper says  August 31, 2015 at 2:13 pm Ha, that is too funny! What a relief that everyone was cool about it  And that dress is ADORABLE!
xo Mil / https://southbynorthwestblog.wordpress.com 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:11 pm Seriously, thank god she’s the best friend/bride ever! 
Brittney says  August 31, 2015 at 3:36 pm Beautiful dress! Thats when you know you have a great friend – she can make fun of you and laugh with you!
Brittney
http://www.bubblyandbold.ca 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:10 pm I know, she’s really the best!! 
Alyssa Thomas says  August 31, 2015 at 5:04 pm That dress is so gorgeous! I so would’ve done that too. I would think I’m being so resourceful and then I’d end up doing something silly! Alls well that ends well though!  Alyssa | Glitter and Grey 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:10 pm Hahah I know right? Womp womp! 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  August 31, 2015 at 6:52 pm Gorgeous dress! It looks super cute on you! Her Heartland Soul
http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:10 pm Thank you, Erin!! 
D is for Dreamer says  August 31, 2015 at 11:50 pm Oh man, that is hilariously awful! At least it wasn’t her wedding or bridal shower! As a wedding planner I can tell you it happens so often that I once considered bringing back up outfits for guests just in case, ha. But it’s always an honest mistake. Especially when the outfit looks so good on you! 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:10 pm SO HORRIBLE!! Ugh!! It still makes me twinge thinking about it!! 
Laura Jane Atelier says  September 1, 2015 at 2:30 am Your dress is so pretty, great photos  xo  http://www.laurajaneatelier.com 
Jess says  September 3, 2015 at 10:09 pm Thank you so much, Laura!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Triangle Bikinis Tops, Black Flat Sandals, Shoes Wedges, Off Shoulder Black Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 1, 2016     Striped Turtleneck: J.Crew  (also love this long sleeved tee version, and this long sleeved stripe tee version that comes in RED STRIPES!) // Pants: Old, but similar here, and I also love this ripped version (under $100!), and this budget friendly version here ($54!) and here ($69) // Bag: Rebecca Minkoff // Sunnies: Ray Ban Aviators // Watch: Daniel Wellington // Shoes: Sole Society Chris Booties (c/o) // Scarf: Cuyana // Bracelet: c/o Kendra Scott // Lipstick: MAC Lady Danger // Hair: Curled with Beachwaver curling iron, finished with MoroccanOil   So remember this past weekend when it felt like spring break outside? 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 How WONDERFUL was that?! I forgot that shooting outfits can actually be fun when you’re not battling frostbite. The past couple days seriously flew by–it was a busy but very fun weekend!  Friday started out a little rocky because my internet was down for several blocks around our apartment (including the only coffee shop that was within a 20 minute walking distance) so I hopped in an Uber and headed to Kelly’s to work for the day with she and Maya. It’s really nice to mix things up each week instead of just being a hermit and never leaving my apartment all day.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Then, Friday night, Neal and I went to a late dinner at Coalfire Pizza in West Town (which was SOOO good!) If you ever go, I highly recommend the pepperoni and whipped ricotta pizza!  Then on Saturday I met Kelly, Blair, Shaheen, Lauren, Jenn, Kit, Erin, Maya and Emily for brunch at Cindy’s Rooftop, which is probably one of the more beautiful restaurants in the city, and has an amazing view of Millennium Park! After that, I met up with Neal and we went to Stock Manufacturing, which is seriously the best menswear store in the city. Love love love that company! Neal says “it’s the only way to shop!” They have great clothes made right here in Chicago, and they have a bar with draft beer on tap! Neal stocked up on some new wardrobe essentials, so he was pretty excited about that.  Then, Saturday night, we met up with friends at The Bassment, which is a new speakeasy bar under Hampton Social (also one of my favorite spots!) They had an incredible band and the vibe was amazing–almost as amazing as the cocktails.  And Sunday, I’m very proud to announce, that I finally got my you-know-what in gear and started going back to yoga again! I signed up for a CorePower Black Tag membership, so there’s no looking back now! I’m really looking forward to getting into my yoga groove again!  But anyway, enough about the weekend–let’s talk outfit details: I’ve decided that white jeans aren’t just for summer. I think they go a long way in brightening up your outfit (which is, you know, very necessary in the dreary months of January and February.) I’ve always loved white on white, so pairing white jeans with my favorite striped turtleneck was a no-brainer, and these comfy, neutral booties (on sale!) are my weekday go-to. They’re polished, but still super comfortable. And clearly nothing would be complete without red lipstick (M.A.C. Lady Danger!). I also love these classic black aviators (confession, they’re Neal’s, but I steal them all the time. He’s such a good sport.)  I hope you have an amazing Monday! (And let’s hope this great weather continues!)           Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  February 1, 2016 at 7:37 am Gorgeous lady! I love these photos!! 
Maggie says  February 1, 2016 at 9:32 am That shirt is SO cute! I love anything striped  I also steal my boyfriend’s aviators from time to time 
-Maggie    http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Kelly in the City says  February 1, 2016 at 11:42 am Beautiful my friend! Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  February 1, 2016 at 12:49 pm It was the perfect weekend weather wise! I’m glad that you took advantage of it and had lots of fun. Loving this outfit on you, too – it’s perfect! 
Maggie says  February 1, 2016 at 2:39 pm I love this!! All these pieces are amazing too. http://www.maggiealamode.com 
Cassandra Eldridge says  February 1, 2016 at 3:37 pm Love! That red lip is KILLER. xo 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  February 1, 2016 at 7:05 pm You look adorable & I love the white jeans! Shaheen | Lows to Luxe 
Liz Pinkham says  February 1, 2016 at 8:09 pm Loving the ‘fits, the red lipstick, and the new photo coloring!! xo 
Maya McDonald says  February 2, 2016 at 9:50 pm Looking goooooood lady! xx […] Jess really nailed it with this winter white look […] […] were taken. In fact,  at I first refused to shoot this outfit, because I had just posted this outfit post and didn’t want to annoy you with white jeans overload. Kelly told me I was crazy and took […] […] see: How to wear white jeans in winter, and more on what to wear with white […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Designer Gowns On Sale, Grey Leggings, Red Bikinis Tops, Gold Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 16, 2015     PJ pants: c/o Gap Factory // Cheers! Sweater: c/o Gap Factory // Coupe Glasses: Vintage, but love this set with gold polka dots! // Tray: DIY’ed with fabric from Minted.com As a kid, Christmas “Jammies” (aka pajamas) as they were called in my house, were a big deal. They involved my Granny sewing me several variations of flannel tartan nightgowns with extravagant lace detailing throughout the years when I was young, and ripping open matching PJ pant sets and bathrobes when I got older. Each year, you could put money on the fact that the one present you got to open on Christmas Eve would be a pair of Christmas pajamas.  Now, nobody really gives me Christmas pajamas anymore, but I still feel like it’s important to carry on the tradition! (Except now, I start wearing them in November!) And although Neal [sadly] won’t be at home with me for Christmas this year, I thought it was important to get him in on the tradition, too! (Is there anything cuter than a cute boy in a pair of flannel PJ’s? I think not!) There are few things I love more than snuggling up in cozy clothing with coffee or a mimosa. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 So this year, I ordered our PJ’s from Gap Factory. If there’s one thing I refuse to spend a ton of money on, it’s pajamas, am I right? You don’t even wear them in public! (Okay, usually. Hehe.) They have a some great comfy-cozy options for both guys and girls, perfect for Christmas Eve, Christmas morning, and well into the months where it’s far too warm to wear cozy pajamas. Be sure to shop all our favorites below! 
   Shop our favorite PJ’s    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Big thanks to Gap Factory, a brand I love, for sponsoring this post, and thank you for supporting the brands that help support GG!  Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Carly says  December 16, 2015 at 7:44 am THE PIC OF BOTH OF YOUR LEGS, THOUGH. My heart!!! 
Jess Zimlich says  December 16, 2015 at 8:26 am Pete has always been a strictly sweatpants kind of guy, but I finally got him to try a pair of flannel pajama pants this year and now he won’t take them off! You two are cute, as always  26 and Not Counting 
Alyssa Thomas says  December 16, 2015 at 9:05 am Sooo cute!  Alyssa | Glitter and Grey 
Lauren Nolan says  December 16, 2015 at 9:12 am Stop! This is so so so cute, Jess!!
xoxo,
Lauren at http://www.lakeshorelady.com/ 
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  December 16, 2015 at 2:26 pm This post is way cute! And that tray is quite the perfect piece for breakfast in bed  xo, Laura
brightandbeautifulblog.com 
Devon says  December 16, 2015 at 3:39 pm So adorable! You guys are the cutest! seventeendresses.com 
Maggie says  December 16, 2015 at 5:42 pm Very cute! I like your ‘jammies’ 
-Maggie   http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Publicist in Pearls says  December 16, 2015 at 10:21 pm These are just too cute!
XOXO,
Jennifer
http://www.publicistinpearls.com 
Hunter B says  December 18, 2015 at 3:36 pm These jammies are the cutest!
Always, Hunter Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Shoes Flats, Grey Leggings, Shoe Wedges On Sale, Grey Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 14, 2015    Dress: c/o StyleStalker at Zappos, also love this version, this version, (also a budget friendly version here, which also comes in black) and this version which is a top! // Shoes: Sole Society // Earrings: c/o Kendra Scott // Lips: Clinique Pop Lip Color & Primer  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Who says we’re limited to red, green, and glitter for the holidays? I love the challenge of making everyday colors seem festive, like this navy lacy number! If you have a dress you love to wear, why not pair it with some festive accessories and wear it for the holidays?  With the addition of some red suede pumps, this dress would be perfect for any Christmas soiree. Or, for New Years Eve, try styling it with gold shoes and a glittery clutch! The perfect cosmetic accompaniment: red lipstick. If you’re on the hunt for a new shade, check out this article one my Five Favorite red lipsticks in Winter Guide!   As I’m writing this, I’m getting ready to jump on Megabus coming home from Cincinnati, so I’m going to make the commentary short and sweet today  Wish me luck on the journey home, haha!  
 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

     Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Olivia says  December 14, 2015 at 8:19 am So fun that you were in Cincinnati! Hope you had a good time here and enjoyed the weirdly warm weather! I’m totally on board with switching up the color palette for the holidays, and this blue lace dress is perfect! 
Alyssa Thomas says  December 14, 2015 at 1:03 pm Gorgeous! I love blues for the holiday season!  Alyssa | Glitter and Grey 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  December 14, 2015 at 1:23 pm so cute Jess! I love this color on you! 
angela sum says  December 14, 2015 at 10:36 pm Loved that you paired it with those bright heels (than typical black or nude ones), they make the whole outfit look extra young and fun!  Great pick! 
Kelly in the City says  December 15, 2015 at 11:59 am I absolutely LOVE this! (Duh. #navyornothing) — So cute, Jess! I AM GOING TO MISS YOU SO MUCH Kelly | Kelly in the City […] (via The Golden Girl) […] […] (via The Golden Girl) […]  Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Platform Black Heels, Boxes, Workout Leggings, Tan Pumps and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 17, 2013   What is more depressing than coming back from a poolside vacation to rainy, dingy Chicago? Fine. I really don’t have that much room to complain, there are worse things in the world. Still, I’m quickly losing hope that it will ever stop raining in this city! There is light at the end of the tunnel, however, because a rainy April means plenty of reason to check out some new rain boots! What always surprises me is how much a pair of rubber boots can set a girl back. I just can’t rationalize spending a significant amount of cash on a pair of footwear used to treck through mud and slush. Luckily, there are some cheaper (and just as cute!) alternatives of your favorite rain boots out there- and by teaming up with Polyvore, I’ve found them for you. Enjoy! Filed Under: Style  
Carmen Avram says  June 3, 2013 at 7:50 pm great post! love the blue boots  http://noissapym.blogspot.ro/ 
Jess Keys says  June 15, 2013 at 2:28 am Thanks, Carmen! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Blouses, Denim Mini Skirts, Maxi Dresses With Sleeves, Designer Gowns On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 3, 2017   Red Dress: Nordstrom (also love this red long-sleeve lace mini, this deep red one-shoulder midi, and this red fringe sheath dress!) also if you’re looking for Valentine’s Day outfit ideas, I DIE over this pink bow dress and this classic dusty rose dress!) // Pumps: Old, but similar here, and here // Hair: curled with a beachwaver + Oribe texture spray // Lipstick: MAC’s classic “MAC Red” matte lipstick // I know, I know. Valentine’s Day gets a really bad rap. If you’re one of those people who hates Valentine’s Day, I’m sorry in advance…but I love Valentine’s Day!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 It’s one of my favorite days of the year to spend with Neal. We always go out of our way to make it special, and it’s something I’ve always really looked forward to. Even far before Neal’s time–when I was a kid picking out my Valentines to bring to school (I distinctly remember some Snoopy ones in Mrs. Lily’s First grade class!) and (yes) even when I was VERY single–I always looked forward to this holiday! Maybe it’s because I like any excuse to make a regular day a fun one. The first Valentine’s Day we spent together, we had only been dating a few months. (If you’ve been following long enough, you’ve probably heard this story before, but I had to tell it again–it’s one of my favorites.) We had made reservations at a little Italian restaurant in Old Town, called Topo Gigio (which is delicious, by the way–the perfect “first Valentine’s Day” restaurant). Neal came over beforehand so we could take an Uber together to the restaurant. He showed up with roses and a cute, thoughtful card. I took the flowers from him and we were talking in the hallway, me eventually making my way to the kitchen–mid conversation–to put the flowers in a vase. I went to take the plastic off of them, and around the bottom of the stems was a gold J.Crew pave link bracelet. (If you remember how big these bracelets were four years ago, you’ll know what my reaction was like. I still love mine!) I remember texting my mom in the uber being like, “MOM! You won’t believe what he did!!!”  He still does things like this all the time–how did I get so lucky?! Anyway, if you’re like us and love to go all out for Valentine’s Day, this is one of the cutest ever dresses to wear! It’s so versatile, you’ll be wearing it long after Valentine’s Day. I typically gravitate toward dresses like this that can be worn for a variety of occasions–from more casual ones like dinner, to more formal events, like a wedding. (Which, by the way, if you remember from yesterday’s post, I wore this dress to my friends’ wedding a couple of weeks back! It was black tie optional, and the midi length and the striking red made it a perfect “not too over the top” black tie option.) BUT anywho, if you’re looking for more Valentine’s Day outfit ideas, here are some of my other favorites below! Shop More Valentine’s Day Outfit Ideas:            Hope you have a wonderful weekend! (What are you more excited about–the Superbowl, or the Puppy Bowl? Can you guess which one I’m more excited for? :-P) Photos by Jules Kennedy  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney says  February 3, 2017 at 7:14 am This dress is gorgeous! I love that you love Valentine’s Day. I can take it or leave it. It’s a nice reminder to be extra special lovey to your significant other, as well as close friends and family. I will say that I’m more excited for Valentine’s Day than the Super Bowl.  
Jess says  February 3, 2017 at 9:33 am Thanks Britney! HAHA I’m the same way. I mean, I’m really looking forward to the party and the snacks  
Britney says  February 3, 2017 at 11:16 am Right? I mean, if we’re going to be honest… 
Dubliner in Deutschland says  February 3, 2017 at 7:24 am wow, looking fab! 
Jess says  February 3, 2017 at 9:33 am Thank you so much! 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  February 3, 2017 at 7:58 am So glad you got this dress, it looks stunning on you! TGIF and can’t wait till Sunday  
Jess says  February 3, 2017 at 9:33 am YAYYYY!!!! 
Rachel Spross says  February 3, 2017 at 9:24 am That dress is so stunning! You look amazing. I love the shoes you put with it! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Jess says  February 3, 2017 at 9:32 am Thanks Rachel! I know, they’re my favorite heels! I wish they were still in stock! I can never find good enough duplicates! 
Jennifer says  February 3, 2017 at 10:12 am The dress is absolutely gorgeous!! Love the heels too! xx Jennifer
http://www.effortlesslysophisticated.com/ 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  February 3, 2017 at 10:45 am We go all out for Valentine’s Day too! That dress looks AMAZING on you!! 
Rachel says  February 3, 2017 at 12:41 pm Love this red dress! You look stunning in it! So pretty. Rachel / http://www.helloher.co 
Diana Pearl says  February 3, 2017 at 5:09 pm You’re gorgeous! Love that dress. 
Brooke Reagan says  February 4, 2017 at 12:31 am Girl you are SASSY in this red dress! Love. it. Also that is the sweetest story about your first Valentine’s Day together : ) what a keeper xx
Brooke du jour
http://www.brookedujour.com 
Joules says  February 6, 2017 at 9:39 am That red dress is seriously so pretty on you! Love it! Style by Joules 
Min says  February 6, 2017 at 4:12 pm You look gorgeous in that dress!! xo, Min
http://www.smitteninmay.com 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  February 6, 2017 at 5:21 pm Gorgeous dress and girl!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Wedge Sandals, Bralettes, Tan Slides, Long Sleeve Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 8, 2019    When I was traveling to AZ a few weeks back, several of you commented on my travel attire and asked me to do a post about how to look comfy and cute while traveling–so, here it is! ?? I’m definitely an avid proponent of looking put together whenever you’re in public–but I haven’t always been this way. I really never embraced this philosophy until I studied abroad in Italy and realized that walking out of the house looking like a human garbage bag (human garbage bags being my go-to outfit for class in college) isn’t really a thing in Europe. Admiring the outfits of many an Italian woman made me realize that you don’t have to put forth that much effort to look put-together–we really have no excuse. ??‍After that, I never wore schleppy baggy sweats or old hoodies in public again. ?I fully believe you have to dress for the life you want and that putting yourself together is something you just owe to yourself.  Therefore–you will not see me wearing a schleppy outfit while traveling. For myself, and also because you just never know who you’re going to meet on a plane, you know? Comfy and put together is a completely achievable balance!  This is the outfit I wore home on the plane from Phoenix, but obviously it’s not JUST a travel outfit–it’s such a good combination for when you just want to be comfortable for a movie, casual dinner–whatever! Let’s break it down, yeah?  One of the few stores I walk by on a daily basis is Urban Outfitters. I always pop in to peruse what they have (it’s such a fun store) but I don’t buy things that often. However, when I spotted this super soft top in the prettiest blue, I KNEW I had to have it! They actually didn’t have it in XS (what I would’ve usually gotten) so I got in in Small because I wanted it that bad–so it’s more oversized, but I really like it that way! If you want it a little less loose, you can go with the smaller size!  It comes in SO MANY COLORS–you can tie it in the front or just leave it hanging loose. This is a great loose top to wear with leggings as well–it would be a perfect “errands” outfit (or another travel outfit) paired with Allbirds!  Yes, yes I know you’ve been seeing them a lot lately. But hopefully that just shows you how much I adore them and how they really are the best classic white sneaker ever. They are the PERFECT travel shoes. They are so comfortable and are very easy to slip on and off! (Again, Allbirds would be another sneaker of choice that would also look cute here!) I also wear these no show socks from Amazon with them!  I’ve owned these jeans for a few years now–they sold out for a long time but they finally released an updated version and I am SOO excited they’re back so you guys can buy them again! They are 50% off at Nordstrom right now! They are probably the softest, stretchiest jeans I own–making them perfect for travel! In all honesty I probably can’t speak that much to sizing because mine are the older version–based off the reviews, it seems like they run true to size though!  One of my favorite versatile totes! This is my go-to tote when I want to be polished and professional (which is why I brought it because I was in town for a conference), but it’s so roomy that it’s amazing for travel too. My only knock on it is that it doesn’t zip at the top–I wish it did, but also, I think that’s what makes it so roomy! I think it fits even more than the Madewell tote–which is my other favorite (that also comes with a zipper, so that’s a plus!) I do think if you’re looking for a polished, professional tote, you can’t beat this one for the price. It’s also made of super sturdy leather, so you can bang it around and it won’t look battered! (It also easily wipes clean!)      Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Katelyn says  March 8, 2019 at 5:45 pm I just bought two of these henleys based on your Instagram post and I’m so glad I did – they are amazingly soft! Now I want one in basically every color. 
Cyn says  March 9, 2019 at 8:14 am The No Show Socks from Amazon are GREAT…
I have tried many, many brands and I agree – these are the best! 
Amara Cyrus says  March 12, 2019 at 3:11 am Ahh, so in love with this look! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Short Sleeve Blouses, White Long Sleeve Tees, Black And White Jumpsuit, Black Swimsuit and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 15, 2014  Blazer: Georgie & Elaine, Jumpsuit: Urban Outfitters, Shoes: Kenneth Cole (similar), Sunnglasses: Ray Ban, Necklace: J.Crew 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
         Taking full advantage of the completely sporadic good weather we’ve been having lately, I was so excited to pull on this adorable white blazer from my friends over at Georgie & Elaine (c/o). I’m in love with the pieces from this young, New York City based brand — full of classic, feminine separates that I can’t get enough of. I’ve been wearing this blazer with just about everything lately, and it was perfect paired with this rosey jumpsuit that you all talked me into buying on Instagram. (Thank you all for enabling my shopping addiction, by the way.) Stop over to Georgie & Elaine’s site and check out their new spring collection — they’re even offering GG readers a special 25% off discount! Just enter code GOLDENGIRL25 at checkout!  Happy Tuesday, and happy shopping! Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Slides, Sweaters And Cardigans, Black Pumps Sale, Black Sneakers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 29, 2017   Outfit details: Similar top, cap toe heels, boater hat  Happy Thursday guys! So, I’ve been getting a LOT of questions lately about Cult Gaia’s “Gaia’s Ark” bag–that I wear in, ahem, approximately every other post. (I’M SORRRYYY but it’s just so cute! Also I own like 4 bags total. This is one of them, so you know it’s worth it–promise.) I figured, why not do a little Q&A on it so you can get ALL your questions answered in one place? 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 Outfit details: Trench coat, cap toe heels, lipstick (in “Lady Danger”)  This is a great question. Certain retailers do stock it from time to time but they sell out like HOTTT cakes. The best way to get your hands on a Gaia’s Ark bag is to pre-order one through their website directly. It looks like the latest order will ship out before mid-July, so you don’t have to wait too long! I would order ASAP so you can still get in on the next shipment. I have the large size! I think it’s the perfect size because I can fit my full-sized wallet, sunglasses case, and a little makeup bag in it with no trouble. The smaller size I would equate to more of a clutch. Update: Diana says that she has the small and it fits more than a clutch–her phone, wallet, keys all fit no problem! Despite how it looks, it’s actually very sturdy. I haven’t had any problems with it, and I’m kind of clumsy, so if anyone were going to break it, let’s be honest–it would probably be me. The bamboo is pretty thick so I don’t think you have to worry about that!  Outfit details: Floral dress available here, similar here, similar sunnies  I mean, don’t throw your loose credit cards in it–then you might have problems, but other than that–no, nothing falls out of it. I throw loose lipsticks in there all the time and the slats are far too close together to let anything slip through. Actually, you can’t! It looks like it would be see through, but it isn’t! In half these photos, my wallet and phone and keys were in the bag, but I bet you can’t tell which one’s, can you?  Super easy trick! Pack it in the box that it comes in. You can be super efficient and pack socks, undies, scarves, t-shirts, anything small in the back and stuff them around the bag inside the box so you don’t lose any space. I’ve even packed it this way in my carry-on and was still able to fit everything I needed in it! Ah, this is the question. I believe both. Your husband will probably only think the latter, but you don’t dress for him anyway, do you? Yes! I really do use this for just about every occasion. I’ve worn it to weddings, out to dinner, to brunch–pretty much everywhere! (I promise I don’t only wear it as a prop for photos, haha!) I love love this bag, and I think it makes any outfit look so much cuter! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 Outfit details: Polka dot top is sold out, but available in white, white jeans, similar shoes That’s all folks! If you want to pull the trigger, you can pop on over here to pre-order yours–the next shipment goes out in July (And no, haha! They aren’t sponsoring this in any way!)  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Britney Crawley says  June 29, 2017 at 8:21 am Ah- I love your answer to the hamster contraption question! Most of the times when I see the ark bag styled it doesn’t look like there is ever anything inside. So, mostly I just picture bloggers walking around with this cute, empty bag.  Glad to know you’re putting things in your bag. It really is cute and seems to go with everything! 
Jess says  June 29, 2017 at 12:09 pm Hi Britney! Actually, often times when I photograph it there is stuff inside! (I added a question about this, so thanks for bringing that up!) It looks see through, but it isn’t! The slats are close enough together where you really can’t tell. I mean, if you’re up close and staring at it in person, of course you can tell, but it’s not noticeable at a glance or from far away! 
Kelly in the City says  June 29, 2017 at 9:20 am I LOVE this post!! I feel like everyone has had these questions about the bag. It’s SO CUTE and I love stealing it from you.  XOXO 
Jess says  June 29, 2017 at 12:09 pm YAYY! 
Mary Fremeau says  June 29, 2017 at 10:44 am This is so funny! And so true! The hamster cage comment made me LOL! My husband probably would be confused, but on the other hand, I have a Kate Spade bag in the shape of a glittery whale, so he has learned my style. I couldn’t tell in pics, but can you see through the bag? It really doesn’t look like you can! Do you know anything about the acrylic ones? I saw a blush acrylic one, and I was super intrigued. Thanks for your honesty and help on the bag! They’re everywhere! And so fab.
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Jess says  June 29, 2017 at 12:09 pm HAHA one girl once said, “I can totally put my chinchilla in there!” I don’t know about the acrylic ones, but I also think they’re ADORABLE. If you get one, you have to let me know what you think! 
Cristina Mandujano says  June 29, 2017 at 10:45 am I love that bag! It’s so chic and classic, and it appears to go with everything. That’s a total A+ in my book. Thanks for the informative post, Jess! 
Jess says  June 29, 2017 at 12:10 pm Thanks Cristina!! Glad you liked it! 
Diana Pearl says  June 29, 2017 at 10:47 am I bought the small version back in March and I’m obsessed! I honestly would say it holds more than a clutch — I can fit my full size wallet, phone, sunglasses and keys in it no problem! (It’s full, but it’s all in there! And I’ve seen you mention your tip about packing it in the bag it came in before, and it’s been such a lifesaver! Totally fits in a carry-on or a bigger suitcase. So thank you!!! 
Jess says  June 29, 2017 at 12:10 pm Amazing! I just updated the post and let people know that you love your small version too!  Thanks Diana! So glad you liked the packing tip, too! 
Rachel M says  June 29, 2017 at 8:23 pm I’m dying at the hamster joke! So true 
The Wardrobe Issue says  August 19, 2017 at 3:44 am Your review is very complete and helpfull for the ones still hesitating !
Even though it might not be the most practical one (especially for moms), It is really nice to see a popular bag at an affordable price, showing that style is not (always) about having a luxury piece but about knowing how to combine things. 
Connie says  June 11, 2018 at 5:11 pm What sizes does the Gaia Ark come in?
/ […] on that note….Per Jess’s suggestion (her purse is SUPER helpful if you’re on the fence about buying one of these babies), I […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Knit Dresses, Embroidered, Floral Long Dresses, Straw Bags and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 26, 2019    
          Runs big!
           
          Comes in plus size!
           
          Runs TTS! So comfy!
           
          Runs TTs! So comfy!
           
          Runs TTS!
           Linen Jumpsuit: Treasure & Bond–wearing XS! Also comes in plus size! It runs loose/oversized. Sandals: Something Navy for Nordstrom–they are shockingly comfortable! Come in black leather and an adorable black and white calf hair animal print too! Purse: Topshop (they have the CUTEST purses right now!) Lipstick: Alima Pure velvet lipstick in ‘Iris’  HAPPY FRIDAY you guys! This week was definitely a blur. Lot’s of fun things happening behind the scenes that I’m super excited about!  For starters, I’m putting the finishing touches on my Trader Joe’s Hacks e-book this weekend. (HOORAY!) Get excited! Hoping to launch it at the beginning of May! ?? And second… the one-piece-wonder outfit I’m about to share with you today is–I’m quite certain–the answer to your summer wardrobe prayers.  I’m going to come right out and say it–it took me a LONG TIME to get on the jumpsuit bandwagon. (For the record, I am fully on board these days.) I don’t know why–because, rompers? Never had any hesitation–but jumpsuits? I wasn’t sure.  I guess this jumpsuit is kind of a go-between (half jumpsuit/half romper, perhaps?). But regardless–I’m pretty sure every woman needs one–it’s that good. I wore this the first day of our trip to the Patron Hacienda in Guadalajara (Patron is the COOLEST company ever, by the way, and the Hacienda was an absolute dream–I’ll be doing a recap post on that soon! However, if you want to pre-stalk the Hacienda there’s an awesome video here!) As soon as I walked out wearing this jumpsuit, Shaheen was like UM WHAT IS THIS I NEED IT IMMEDIATELY!! Which is hilarious because when I first saw it was like, “OMG this is such a Shaheen outfit!” ? I’m always getting questions like, “what are some versatile staples I can take with me to Europe this summer?” or “If you could pack ONE thing for a 10 day trip, what would it be?” Or “HELP I’m trying to pack two weeks in a carry-on–what do I do!?”  First, an important announcement: this jumpsuit has gone in and out of stock like three times already, so if you want it–grab it ASAP before it disappears again! (FYI it also comes in olive!) I also LOVE that it comes in plus size as well! Snaps for Treasure and Bond for doing better with their size inclusivity! (Also, did you know that with every purchase, the brand makes a donation to help fund kids education across North America?! ??)  I actually was planning to post this outfit it last week but it went out of stock so I couldn’t post it and I just held my breath hoping it would get re-stocked! It did! PHEW! I hate wasted outfit posts ?That actually happens a lot where I shoot something and then it goes out of stock and I can’t post it because it would be pointless since you can’t buy it! ??‍ This is going to be your #1 travel staple over the next several months–it’s perfect for walking around exploring, wearing out to dinner, even throwing on over your bathing suit to go to the beach. It’s linen, so it’s insanely breathable–and it looks good if it’s a little wrinkled! (However, I never travel anywhere without my travel steamer–and if it’s too wrinkled for your liking, they steam right out in two seconds–I can’t find the one I have on Amazon right now BUT, I really want to upgrade to this one–it’s only $37 but apparently doesn’t spit or leak at all!)  Now, let’s jump into three different ways you can wear this jumpsuit–all you need is a change of shoes!    This is probably the biggest no-brainer way to style this jumpsuit. Who doesn’t love a great pair of chic slides? I’m in love with this pair from Something Navy’s latest collection. They honestly look like they’d be really uncomfortable, but they aren’t at all! I love the pointed toe and the imperfect gold circle detail! I think they really elevate the casual breeziness of the jumpsuit! Also how cute is this bag from Topshop? They have the CUTEST purses right now that don’t cost an arm and a leg!  **Not pictured–Shaheen and I stumbling around these oddly awkward and slippery rocks to get these photos. ?  If you’ve been searching for a pair of great espadrille wedges–your search is over! These wedges from Treasure and Bond are without a doubt my favorite espadrille wedges I’ve ever owned. (I love the Marc Fisher ones, but often times I won’t wear them because the platform is so tall!) These are just right, and they’re so insanely comfortable–they don’t require any breaking in! They have lot’s of colors too!  This is a great look to wear out to dinner on vacation, on a date, wherever! You can wear the jumpsuit around all day and swap your shoes at night, and you’re ready for a night out!    Weird..you’ve never seen these sneakers before. ?(You can see all the ways I’ve styled my Tretorns on the blog here!) I’m in love with these sneakers and they truly go with everything. They are also SO. COMFORTABLE! Everlane also just sent me their brand new eco-friendly sneakers and I LOVE THEM as well. They’d also look really cute with this jumpsuit! (They’re also really comfy and super supportive, you know, in case you have granny feet like me and appreciate that.)  Just another versatile look you’ll gravitate toward again and again, especially for travel! I wish I’d had this jumpsuit for my Italy trip, because I would’ve worn this look over and over! Comfy shoes, breathable one-piece no-brainer outfit which requires zero effort to throw on. A+++ all around! Even better–throw a jean jacket over your shoulders in case it gets chilly outside! I have two and I love them both–this one is from J.Crew and is more classic, and I have Everlane’s as well in the light blue wash that is a little more tomboy-chic! ?? I think I get more questions about socks than I do about shoes whenever I post these shoes. I wear these no-show socks from Amazon. Tip: Save the cardboard cutout they come wrapped around–it’s the best way to store/organize them instead of folding them into tiny sock balls that get lost!    Shop this post:   
          Runs big!
           
          Comes in plus size!
           
          Runs TTS! So comfy!
           
          Runs TTs! So comfy!
           
          Runs TTS!
            Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Cutout Dresses, Cosmetic Bags, Silver Sandals, Red Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 24, 2017   Exciting news to share on this lovely Wednesday! We’re starting the Memorial Day festivities early up in here, because Nordstrom already launched their Half-Yearly sale! As you know, Nordies is one of my very favorite retailers for so many reasons. (Also, have you tried the Nordstrom cafe chicken club? OMG. YOU’LL DIE. Sorry, I’m getting distracted by food again, as usual. No, they didn’t ask me to blog about this sale OR the chicken club, just in case you were wondering.) Nordstrom has a few sales per year that simply cannot be passed up, and this is one of them! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I’m listing a well-curated, easily skimmable selection of my favorites below, but first, let’s talk about a few specific things that you’ve seen here on the blog lately that are up for grabs at major discounts: Okay, this is a never before seen outfit coming to the blog soon–BUT, I had to share a sneak peak of this adorable little dress! I got it on Shopbop but just found it on sale at Nordstrom for 40% at $38! (Whaaaattt?!) It’s selling out FAST so get on it before it’s le gone.  The “Peony Tea dress” by Topshop is THE CUTEST. From the beautiful print to the dainty ruffled detail around the neckline to the bell sleeves, you’ll want to wear it everywhere this summer! Runs small, size up! If you’re looking for some lace-up heels like the one’s I’m wearing here, there are also a ton of these included in the sale! Click here to shop all lace-up heels. This pretty periwinkle wrap dress is fully stocked and $71 at 40% off! My Steve Madden sandals are also discounted in certain colors! (Both items run true to size!)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

My Barbour rain jacket is one of my favorite wardrobe staples (it makes rainy days SO much more fun and also reminds me of my childhood!) This one is the “Trevose” which is not on sale, however, Barbour does sell a twin of this jacket called the “Cirruss” which IS on sale for less than $200 at 20% off! It comes in off-white and red, too! Dresses:    Tops:    Shoes + Accessories:    Outerwear: (Lot’s of Barbour included!)     Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Rachel Spross says  May 24, 2017 at 6:48 am This is such an awesome sale! I have a couple of these same dresses. So many great deals to be had! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Jessi Afshin says  May 24, 2017 at 6:54 am This is always such a good sale. Those dresses are a steal! Love it all. xoxo
Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Diana Pearl says  May 24, 2017 at 12:39 pm Can’t wait to get home from work and shop this sale!! So much I want!! That first dress just might make its way into my cart  x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Britney Crawley says  May 24, 2017 at 2:02 pm So many cute things! Love all the dresses you’ve got here. I always dress so casual, but I get floral fancy dress envy from blogger gals like you. 
Gold Clutter says  May 24, 2017 at 8:45 pm I love the yellow rain jacket. I always see it on Pinterest. http://goldclutter.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Bikinis, White Sleeveless Blouse, Brown Flat Shoes, Brown Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 29, 2019   UMMMM HOW EXCITED ARE YOU FOR THIS POST?  (As excited as me?! Maybe? I hope so!!)  I polled you guys on stories a few weeks ago, asking what you most wanted to see from Everlane’s Fall collection and the results were literally ALL. OVER. The place. (I mean, really, how does one choose?) But I hope I satisfied quite a few of your requests here.  If you’re new here, I’ve been an Everlane fan for 5+ years now. They make super high-quality staples for amazing prices because they cut out the middlemen. Also, they are ALL about transparency–if you scroll down on any product page, you can see how much it cost them to make the item in relation to how much they’re charging for it. They partner with ethical factories (you can read all about each one here!) and have a huge goal of eliminating all virgin plastic from their supply chain by 2021! Basically, they’re doing a lot of amazing things, besides just making great clothes!  So, let’s get into the capsule, shall we!?  First, let’s talk about the criteria:  VERSATILITY: This is a big one. So many of you struggle, I know, with staples that are ideal for both in and out of the office–so that was my biggest focus with this post, is to showcase some really cute fall looks with pieces that you can wear 9-5 and 5-9!  FALL! To be honest, I’m still not ready for fall yet, but I know most of you guys are! One thing that always gets me excited for cooler temperatures? FALL COLORS! I lovvveee neutrals, cognac, taupes, camels, browns, burnt orange–you name it, I am here for it. Which brings me to my next point:  COLOR SCHEME: You’ll notice like with all capsule wardrobes, the trick is to go with a color scheme. Here I went with shades of black and brown–so we have black, grey, cream, beige, camel, cognac, and burnt orange.  Now…on to the items!     Everlane makes some of my FAVORITE cashmere sweaters, and at this price point–they cannot be beaten. I feel like everyone and their mom is always looking for the perfect classic cashmere crewneck sweater and I HAVE FOUND IT! At $100, it’s really hard to pass up! (Also: I feel like camel is the color that ALWAYS sells out the fastest in the fall and winter, so if you love it, grab it now before everyone else does!)  Sizing: True to size, I’m wearing a small     WOW. OH, WOW. You guys. You know I love my original Everlane silk blouse, but this new version is WASHABLE! Plus, it has such a beautiful feminine tie detail on the sleeves. I am in LOVE. This top is perfect for work, dinner, a shower–literally anything! It looks great with work pants or with jeans! It’s seriously so beautiful! Sizing: Runs TTS, I’m wearing a small   THE COLOR of this wrap top–called cider–could there be a more perfect color for fall? It’s a really beautiful shade. The best part about this top is that it has a hidden-button closure (see above–obviously the button doesn’t show but wanted to make sure you got a good feel of that little detail!) It’s placed a little bit higher than many wrap tops–making it very work appropriate, whereas I know some wrap tops can be too low cut for the office! I also really like the length–it’s cropped, so it hits you right at the waist–so flattering! It is made of the same washable silk material as the top above–hooray! Sizing: Wearing a small. The sleeve closures are a little tight on the forearms, so I’m glad I didn’t go XS!    This turtleneck tee had my name ALL OVER IT. This one didn’t disappoint. I love the slightly lighter grey color and it is very soft! It’s thin so perfect for layering!  Sizing: Runs a little looser. I’m wearing XS and still could’ve sized down.   The best bodysuit! It is SO. FLATTERING! I love the neckline in particular. I’ve been wearing this with jean shorts out at night this summer, too! It’s the best layering piece as well and has snaps in the crotch because obviously easy bathroom breaks are key.  Sizing: Runs TTS! I’m wearing a small!     I LOVE this chunky cardigan–it’s brand new–just launched today! Such a great staple for fall and looks cute as a layer or worn all by itself buttoned up with a pair of jeans!  Sizing: I’m wearing a small! It fits true to size!   I can’t decide which I love more–the cut of these pants or the color! I’m wearing them here in Sandstone which is somewhere between a cream and a tan. They are the PERFECT alternative to white pants that are amazing for Fall and Winter! I think these are my favorite pants from this capsule!  Sizing: Run TTS! I’m wearing a 0. These run the same as the wide leg crops!   THE WORK PANTS! You guys are always asking for reccos on good work pants that aren’t frumpy and these are SO. CUTE! They just came out with them in two different houndstooth versions and these make me feel so seventies chic! Whenever I buy work pants to review for you guys, I don’t really ever wear them in real life because I don’t need to–but these I will totally wear this year because they’re just so versatile and fashion-forward. Very suitable for the office, but don’t feel like “office pants”–you know what I mean?  Sizing: Run small–I usually wear a 0 in Everlane pants and the 2’s here fit perfectly!  It’s no secret how much I love my white wide-leg crops, so obviously I needed a fall version! (Not that I think you can’t wear white pants year-round, you totally can!) I think the black pair is a great choice though because, again, they are also great for the office! You can dress them up or dress them down–a great wear-anywhere pant!  Sizing: Run TTS! I’m wearing a 0.   I LOVE these jeans. These are probably the jeans I wear most often in the fall and winter. They are so flattering in the booty and I wouldn’t call them straight leg, but they aren’t skinny, either. If you’ve been wanting to venture out of your skinny jeans, these are still really classic. Come in lots of washes!  Sizing: Run TTS for me, I’m wearing a 25 (what I always wear).     Not a big shocker here–I’ve been a fan of Everlane’s Day Heels for YEARS! They are the most comfortable heels EVER. If you’re on your feet quite a bit, you especially, are in need of these shoes. They have them in tons of colors (both suede and leather) and you can wear them with everything from professional-wear to jeans and a t-shirt.  Sizing: These used to run small but now I feel like this pair is TTS. I ordered my normal size and they work great.   These were the boots I would NOT shut up about this past fall. They are basically the Day Heel in boot form!! Plus, they are so comfortable that I walked around Portugal in them (yes, despite the fact that they have a small heel) and still had no pain! They are the best everyday boot. I also have them in black and have been eyeing the bone color!  Sizing: Run TTS! I wear an 8 (my normal size) in both the Day Heel and the Day Boot.   Another pair of Everlane shoes I’ve had for a couple years now, I love the Modern loafer. I always say that this is a great loafer for people who don’t like loafers. Many loafers have rounder toes which can easily look really frumpy when paired with the wrong thing, but these don’t because they are so sleek and, well, *modern* (duh) in shape! Another super versatile shoe that you’ll wear in and out of the office.  Sizing: True to size!   The most versatile bag ever! The strap on this bag adjusts so you can wear it as a shoulder tote, long messenger bag, or cross-body! It has a magnetic closure at the top for easy access and it’s big enough to fit your laptop as well!   No big shocker here, of course, the Day Tote made an appearance! (As it does in many a blog post of mine ). This is the “Light Taupe” color and the leather is easily wipeable on the outside, so despite me throwing it around, setting it on the floor (always)–it stays surprisingly clean!  …now, on to the best part! The outfits!   Cashmere sweater, Straight Leg Crops, Modern loafer This look can work for SO many occasions (making it especially ideal for Fall travel!)–it would also be adorable with Everlane’s Tread sneakers (I have this pair and LOVE them!) instead of the loafers! This scarf is old but any neck scarf goes a long way to add a little pop of interest to any neutral outfit!   Turtleneck tee, Chunky cardigan, Straight Leg Crops, Day Heels, Form Bag  You know I am a BIG fan of white on white–meet the Fall version! SWOON. Another versatile outfit that can be dressed up or down! Here I’m wearing it with my favorite day heels (SO COMFY) but like the first outfit, can easily be made super casual by a simple change of footwear!   Bodysuit,  Straight Leg Crops, Day Booties, Form Bag  I love this Everlane bodysuit and I’m SO glad they brought it back after it totally sold out last Fall! Its one of those rare pieces in your wardrobe that is subtly sexy when you want it to be, yet can be made super casual as well. (A Mary Poppins piece, if you will!) This is an example of a look I’d wear exploring the city on an early fall weekend!   Silk blouse, Straight Leg Crops, Day Heels This may be my favorite outfit of the whole capsule. It’s just SO PRETTY. (I know, with the head to toe neutrals again. ) How beautiful is this to wear to work? To a party? How about dinner? Or to ANYTHING? (Red lip strongly encouraged, obvi!)  Silk blouse, Work pants, Day Heels Same blouse, same shoes, totally different look! Crazy how that works, yeah? These are officially the cutest office pants EVER. They are so cute, I am totally going to wear these this fall and I will likely not get within 1 mile of a corporate office. I just love the houndstooth pattern–it makes me feel very Seventies in the best way possible!   Wrap top, Work Pants,Day Booties, Day Tote  I often get asked, “how do I wear booties to the office” and this, my friend, is the answer! These pants (the ankle-length, specifically) are the perfect length to go with booties. You definitely need to have a little bit of ankle showing in between your pant and the bootie. Otherwise, it will look VERY frumpy. This is the problem with a lot of work pants, is that they’re too long to wear with booties, so look for an ankle pant! And obviously, you know, this pair is a favorite of mine! I love the combo of the houndstooth brown pattern with the burnt orange of the top!   Cashmere sweater, Work pants, Modern loafer, Chunky Cardigan (launching today!)   One of my favorite ways to wear sweaters for fall is to layer two together! It keeps you cozy, adds lot’s of visual interest, and just makes your outfit so much cuter! This is a great “wear to work” outfit–for added snazziness, tie a hair scarf in your hair!   Cashmere sweater, Wide-Leg Crops, Day Heels I LOVEEEE me some wide leg crops. SO MUCH. These are basically the same pants as the straight leg crops, just wider. (In case that wasn’t obvious, but it probably was. ) Especially in black, they are truly the “wear anywhere” pant. They’re a cotton-elastane blend, so they don’t bag out but have just the right amount of stretch to hug you in all the right places. If you want to make them look even dressier for work, just add a belt! (It covers the button and makes them look like slacks!)   Turtleneck tee, Wide-Leg Crops, Day Booties This outfit just makes me happy! It’s perfect and simple and comfy and versatile and all the things! It’s like your “t-shirt, jeans and sneakers” outfit but MUCH more elevated and chic! (And yeah, if you’re wondering, these booties are just as comfy as sneakers!)  Bodysuit, Wide-Leg Crops, Day Booties, (scarf is old) Basically a Jess Keys style uniform in a nutshell. That is all.   Cheeky Straight Jeans, Day Booties, Chunky Cardigan (launching today!), Form Bag  Fun fact: A cardigan isn’t just for layering, button it up, and it looks super cute all on its own! I love this buttoned (leave the bottom button undone!) and paired with jeans–these are Everlane’s Cheeky jeans and they are one of my favorite pairs I own! I wear them a ton in the fall and winter!   Silk blouse, Cheeky Straight Jeans, Day Heels AH. My favorite blouse. Speaking of uniforms, this is just an evolution of the classic Jess Keys Everlane uniform: Cheeky jeans, Silk blouse, and Day heels. I LOVE this new WASHABLE silk shirt–it’s classic, feminine, polished–basically anything you could ever want in a blouse. I should probably order more colors.   Wrap top, Cheeky Straight Jeans, Chunky Cardigan (launching today!) Day Booties Last but not least–this wrap top isn’t just for the office! (P.S. it’s the same washable silk as the above favorite blouse, too!) I love how it looks with a chunky sweater layered over the top, along with jeans and booties! The cutest thing to wear out and about on a fall day–you can walk around all afternoon and go straight to dinner!  This post is sponsored by Everlane–one of my favorite brands ever–I’m so lucky to work with brands that give me (and you!) so much joy! Thank you so much for supporting both Everlane AND this blog–it doesn’t go unnoticed, and I know I speak for both of us when I say it is so incredibly appreciated!  Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Sleeveless Blouse, No Heel Wedges, Colored Denim Jeans, Black Pump Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 27, 2018  HAPPY MONDAY everybody! We had the best weekend visiting our family friends up in Lake Geneva! Have you been? It’s so beautiful up there and it’s the perfect weekend getaway from Chicago (speaking of, if you’re looking to get out of the city, I did a whole roundup of Chicago weekend getaways in this post!) I hope you enjoyed my Italy Packing List post that was published on Friday (thanks for being patient with me while I finished it!) I thought a great follow up to that post would be a recap of the outfits I wore in Italy according to my iPhone! In all honesty I feel like “real outfits” isn’t even the right term–I don’t shoot outfits that aren’t “real outfits” ? but, you know, I feel like it’s always more reassuring to see outfits captured “in the wild” ? Here are 17 outfits that I wore on our Italy trip, snapped courtesy of Neal, with my iPhone ?  Snapped at O’Hare before our flight! Old striped tee, Yoga Pants, Allbirds, Lo & Sons Catalina Deluxe Tote, Delsey Suitcase (See above note!)    Our first stop in Florence was showing Neal my old apartment! 14 Via Dante Alighieri! Wearing my Everlane Box Cut tee (comes in tons of colors!), Abercrombie Jean Shorts (this was the only time I wore my jean shorts if we’re being honest) Old sandals  Our first night in Florence, enjoying a bottle of prosecco on the rooftop of our hotel–The Glance–would highly recommend staying there! Wearing the same Everlane tee but changed into my white Everlane denim skirt and salvaged my hair with a scarf (mine is vintage, but similar here!) for dinner at Il Gato e la Volpe (one of my old study abroad haunts–its so great. Ask for Fatjon!)  Posing in front of the Duomo before a day of exploring the city. Wearing my Everlane t-shirt dress, Straw boater hat, Madewell backpack, Jack Purcell sneakers  Heading out to dinner at Za Za, one of my favorite restaurants in Florence! You must get the truffle pasta! Wearing my favorite striped Linen Midi Dress, old Kendra Scott Earrings  My first taste of Antico Noe in TEN YEARS! The best sandwich shop in Florence (we went twice!) You must get the #4! Wearing Everlane Japanese Go-Weave Camisole, white Everlane denim skirt, similar scarf  Admiring the sunset at Piazza Michelangelo! Wearing Everlane Japanese Go-Weave Camisole,white Everlane denim skirt, Madewell backpack, similar scarf, old sandals  Heading out to explore in Florence. Wearing this midi dress AGAIN with my Jack Purcell sneakers  On the way out to dinner in Florence–wearing my ASOS striped mini dress, Steven Greece Slide Sandals, Madewell backpack  Wine tasting in San Gimignano wearing my Everlane wrap dress, Scarf from the Florence leather markets, similar scarf here.  We took a cooking class with Nonna Ciana in Tuscany and it was one of our favorite parts of the trip! Here I’m wearing (yet again) my Everlane t-shirt dress and Steven Greece Slide Sandals  Sunset in the Tuscan vineyards at Borgo San Felice, wearing my Everlane Cotton Midi Dress (TTS but now sold out in navy, but available in stripes!) Steven Greece Slide Sandals  AHH take me back to the gorgeous pool at Borgo San Felice in Tuscany! Here I’m wearing my Abercrombie black bikini, Everlane shirt dress, similar straw hat, and of course (although not pictured) the Steven Greece Slide Sandals.  Wore this WAYF dress to Capri (sold out) but very similar Reformation dress here, and Steven Greece Slide Sandals  On the water Taxi to Amalfi and then Ravello (see my guide on the Amalfi Coast here!)–Wore my linen polka dot mini (sold out, but Reformation carries a TON of cute versions that are similar in cut!) I also love this one that is gingham and ties in the back as well as this little retro striped one! This green linen mini is perfect as well. All look so cute with sandals OR sneakers!  Madewell backpack.  In Pompeii (this was thought to be the first “fast casual” pizza oven ever created! So cool right!?) Madewell shorts, similar linen shirt, similar hat, Madewell backpack, Jack Purcell sneakers  In Rome on our favorite tour ever–Eating Italy’s “Taste of Testaccio” tour–eating Suppli (Roman deep fried risotto balls, similar to Arancini!) wearing Madewell shorts, Everlane Air Camisole, Allbirds, Madewell backpack  Filed Under: Italy, Outfits, Style, Travel  
Kimber says  August 27, 2018 at 6:44 am Loving all these outfits!! Those madewell pull on shorts and the Everlane cami will probably be the first two things I buy  
Allie says  August 27, 2018 at 9:04 am You look beautiful! We just got back from Italy too, including Florence and Tuscany. Isn’t the Florence Duomo just stunning? I couldn’t believe how beautiful it is in real life, and the work that must have gone into it. Truly breathtaking.
xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Diana Pearl says  August 28, 2018 at 9:03 am you look so cute and cozy in all your posts! also FYI — i think there’s an antico noe in NYC. it was right by my old apartment, i’m not 100% sure if it’s the same owner but their whole thing is florentine paninis and sandwiches so it might be! i too am obsessed haha. it’s on 53rd street btwn 2nd and 3rd  x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Caroline King says  June 14, 2019 at 11:14 am Hi! Where did you get your sunglasses?? 
Netti says  August 23, 2019 at 3:29 am Ummm.. I have NEVER posted a rude comment online before and I really hope that you take this as advice and not rude (I try to stay positive and I did LOVE your article about a messy girl becoming clean but same issues with both things… ) you, my friend NEED to STEP OUT OF THE MOLD!!! oh my goodness!!! You went to Italy and you could wear ANYTHING BOLD, STATEMENT MAKING, exciting (like a trip to Italy-fashion capitol of the world) -and you wore the most BORING clothing I have ever seen!!! (Seriously—/striped T and shorts or pants like every day!!!) and accessories-the MOST medium size hoop earrings ever-) also, you have a great body-you could wear awesome clothes and stick out but you represent Americans as “typical Americans” as for your cleaning stuff, you claim to be “messy” becuz you leave your glass of water on the nightstand?!?!? The advice was good until I read your examples-your examples 100% made you EXACTLY like the clean people that you claimed to not be which is probaly why your friends don’t believe you!! I know that people say to “be yourself” and maybe you are in your fashion but you look like every single other person at a college trying to fit in. There are colors, accessories, prints, styles of clothing, USE AT LEAST ONE OF THEM BEFORE POSTING 17 PICS!!!  Even the cute maxi  you somehow made boring..: but go for that, add some bold accessories and it will HELP YOU GREATLY WITH YOUR COMMISSIOs-some BIG SUNGLASSES, a chunky necklace or bracelet-make it pop and u will make moRE MONEY also-again you have some good stuff -the looks, the advice, nice blog format, but ALSO use some color there!!! 
Christin says  August 23, 2019 at 3:35 pm ^^This comment is so rude! I can’t believe the things people will say on the internet. Jess, I’ve been referring to this post over and over again ahead of my own trip to Italy in a few weeks. I’m so appreciative of all your content here and on Instagram and I think you have wonderful, classic style. Here’s to women lifting each other up instead of tearing each other down. Xoxoxo […] Image Source […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lingerie Panties, Black Sneakers, Long Dresses, White Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 10, 2017   Top: Nordstrom (I also have this similar tank that’s only $35 and LOVE it.) This one from Topshop is also similar and only $25! (Comes in tons of colors!) How cute is this ruffle off the shoulder version, too?  // Pants: Levi’s 721 White Jeans (I’ve also heard amazing things about Madewell’s version, and I love this pair by Articles of Society for less than $60!// Shoes: Loeffler Randall  (On major sale right here! But fully stocked here at regular price) I also love this simple version for under $100! // Straw bag: Vintage, but I love this similar one and this one as well! // Necklace: Similar here in gold and here in rose gold and similar here // Earrings: Baublebar (they have a mini version, too! Both come in tons of colors!) Hii and happy Monday! We’re officially home from Portland–we got home on Saturday night, and then yesterday was my birthday! 29 has really snuck up on me. I can’t believe next year I’m going to be THIRTY! AHH. I’m a feeling a little conflicted on the subject. Sometimes I want to cry because I feel like time is slipping so quickly through my hands, but other times I don’t care at all, and I think I can embrace this getting older thing. I don’t even feel old enough to be getting married, let alone feel like I’m almost thirty!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

   Anyway, yesterday we went to dinner at Monteverde to celebrate. We didn’t get reservations in time but figured we’d just wing it and walk in and have dinner at the bar, but they ended up having the best table on the outside patio available, and we got it! It was so good, I would highly recommend the burrata appetizer and the pomodoro! I was between wearing my new favorite dress and some version of this outfit. (I went with the dress because it was super humid out!) But I’ve been loving slinky tanks like this one lately, and the adorable pale yellow color with the tiered layers makes it so, so cute. It’s swingy too which means it keeps you cool even in the hottest, sticky weather! You also know my obsession with my new tassel sandals. They’re on INSANE sale right now for under $200 right here and there are only a couple sizes left in this color (they also have black)–but are fully-stocked at regular price right here! They run pretty TTS but when in doubt, size up.   Anyway, if we’re being honest, I’m definitely ready to dive into the week head first. Between time off for the Fourth of July and taking off Wednesday through Friday to go to Portland, I feel SO behind, but it feels really good to sit down at my computer again this morning and get the ball after what feels like a very long hiatus!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  Hope you have a wonderful Monday! Photos by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Diana Pearl says  July 10, 2017 at 10:25 am I feel the same way about aging. I’m turning 25 this summer, which I know of course is young but it feels so old to me! But at the same time there’s perks to getting older — having an income, building your own life/career, etc. This is such a fun outfit — I love wearing yellow! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Tia Perciballi says  July 10, 2017 at 11:05 am Happy Birthday! I’m 29 and I sometimes wish I was younger, but also be in the same place in my life as I am now haha. Like I want to be 23, but have my husband, condo, job, etc. http://www.tiaperciballi.com 
Meghan Donovan says  July 10, 2017 at 12:32 pm You look so cute! I adore this outfit. Happy Birthday! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Sandals, Black Gowns, White Tank Tops, Embroidered and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 5, 2017   Happy Tuesday, guys! With all the holiday craziness, I’ve definitely fallen behind on my Winter capsule wardrobe posts–so sorry about that! Admittedly, I’ve felt pretty scattered and all over the place lately and I feel like there are never enough hours in the day. The holidays are my busiest season of the year and I’ve gotten behind on my shooting. Bah! Another big hiccup I had not foreseen happening, SO many of my capsule items for December sold out during Black Friday! Ugh! I work really hard to make sure that everything I feature is current, but sometimes, things just happen. What can ya do? Luckily, MOST of what you see here is–but I’ll have to make a couple substitutions! Anyway–these photos are a little, um…less than great because I actually had to shoot them myself on my tripod ? I honestly wish I could’ve filmed myself doing it because it was truly a disaster. So, to give you the short story, my camera (I shoot with a Canon 6D) has wifi and enables me to turn my iPhone into a remote with the “Canon connect” app. Anyway, in the close ups, what you can’t see is that my phone is laying on the floor in front of me and I’m actually pressing the button with my toe ? And in the full body shots, I had to hide my phone REALLY fast either behind my back or under my arm!  Some I just gave up and you can see me holding me phone because WHAT-EVER. Hilarity. Basically, the moral of the story is, nothing has been going perfect over here lately and know what? That’s okay. I almost didn’t post these, but figured, if it helps one person remember that everyone’s life is a mess on some level, then that’s great! So, without further adieu, let’s get into how I styled this adorable plaid skirt four ways from work to the weekend and everything in between! But first…the items! Plaid skirt: This skirt is by BB Dakota and I absolutely love the plaid pattern and colors. I think some plaid can be a little “in your face” but this pattern is very subtle and can be worn so many ways without being overwhelming. Plus, it’s the perfect festive addition to your holiday wardrobe! (I also love this similar one, also at Revolve, and  this similar one from J.Crew Factory!) Silk Button Down: This appears twice here, in both “work” looks, because I’ve never really shown you how to style it for work (although it’s appeared here and here styled in a more casual way!) This is one of the best wardrobe staples I own, for any season, for any occasion. I absolutely adore it. Here I’m wearing a small, and I’d say it runs true to size. I love EVERYTHING that Everlane makes and would highly recommend it all! They also make a similar two pocket silk button down if you prefer that look! Lace trim silk camisole: I am OBSESSED with this tank. It’s so pretty and I wear it so often when I go out at night! The one I’m wearing here keeps selling out but then getting re-stocked, so if you don’t see it in your size, check back in a few hours or days! I love this really similar one from LOFT, this one from Nordstrom, and Everlane makes a really pretty classic silk camisole without lace trim! If you like velvet, I really love this velvet version, too! Cozy cardigan: Here I’m wearing this pretty neutral cardigan that is SO soft and warm. (You first saw it in this post!) I love the oatmeal color because it’s a nice in-between between camel and cream! A few of you specifically asked for more ideas on how to style long cardigans, so I wanted to make sure I included it a couple of ways in this post! Black turtleneck sweater: Mine is old from Everlane, but there are so many great black turtlenecks out there right now! I’ve found that a slim-fitting one is really versatile because you can more easily layer them underneath dresses and other sweaters! (Like I did when I styled this dress in my last capsule post!) This one and this one are super cute too! Black pumps:They’re back again! Yes, you also saw them in last month’s capsule, but you know the saying–if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it! Every woman should have one pair of classic, sleek, black pumps. I adore these Sam Edelmans. (Mine are actually slingbacks from a few years ago but these are the current version (which are d’Orsay pumps) and there is also a regular pump version! The price point on these is great, they are super comfy, and they are so versatile, you will wear them year-round from everything from work to weddings to dates and everything in between. Oxfords: Surprise surprise, Everlane again! I love these oxfords! They do take some breaking in but you’ll have them for years and they are one of the few flat casual footwear options that looks super polished at the same time. Knee high heeled boots: I just recently got these knee-high boots from Splendid (you saw me style them over here!) and I absolutely love the look of them. They look so cute with skirts and dresses as well as jeans! Best of all, they are SO comfy. I walked all over San Francisco in them one day and zero blisters or toe pinching! They come in black as well as brown–Sam Edelman makes a similar pair in a lighter tan color that is beautiful as well! Linking more below too. Note on sizing: the sizing notes say to go up a size, but I didn’t and I didn’t find that they ran small in my case! Over the Knee boots: The crown jewel of my wardrobe: my Stuart Weitzman Lowland boots. I wear them SO. MUCH. And sadly, I can confidently say there is no budget-friendly duplicate out there. I have searched high and low! They are expensive for a reason–no other thigh-high, tie-in-the-back boots that I’ve found really hug your leg like these do. However–good news–I DO love the budget-friendly Blondo Olivia boots! They don’t look exactly the same, (they aren’t as tall, and they stretch in the back vs. tie) but if you want a boot that is going to hug your leg in a similar fashion, this is a great choice! They’re also waterproof, and come in grey as well! I wear these boots when I want to save my Stuart Weitzmans from crazy weather! Leopard Clutch: I love this leopard clutch and wear it everywhere. (Nordstrom actually has a TON of different leopard clutches right now!) I’m a huge fan of it for going out because it brightens up even the most basic outfit. Plus, it’s such a steal for less than $50 and it looks and feels like the designer version. Madewell Tote: My favorite tote bag for ever and ever. You know the drill by now  …Okay, let’s jump into the looks!!   The beauty of this skirt is that it’s short, but not too short–so you can easily make it work for the office! The one rule I’d keep in mind is if you’re going to wear heels with it, put on some tights. Tights are always extra insurance for work to make sure that your outfit is always conservative enough! I paired it with my favorite pumps and button-down shirt for a timeless look perfect for any client presentation.   One of my favorite staples is this silk camisole! I love wearing it with high-waisted skinny jeans and heels for date night, but quite a few have you asked me how else I like to wear it, so I definitely wanted to include it in one of these looks! It’s Neal’s favorite top of mine (because it’s one of the few things that don’t classify as “granny” in my wardrobe ?) It looks so cute tucked into the plaid skirt, and I love layering it under the chunky sweater, which helps balance out the more sexy factors of the camisole and makes it suitable for daytime. I paired these staples with my favorite brown suede knee-high boots for a look that is perfect for dinner with friends!   This outfit formula is always a repeat offender when it comes to date night! OTK boots + mini skirt combination is a tough one to beat! I like the black on black look of the black turtleneck with black boots–it’s sophisticated and sleek! The leopard clutch adds a fun pop of pattern, too. (Leopard and plaid is one of my favorite combinations!)     This might be my favorite look of all! You can really wear this anywhere, but in particular, I thought it was a great, more casual look for the office. The silk button down re-appears again, and since I opted for flat oxfords here, I felt it was fine to ditch the tights (although, you can add them back in if you wish!) Because the oxfords paired with the plaid skirt could feel a little too schoolgirlish, I layered on the chunky, cozy cardigan to mix things up and throw a different style into the mix. I think it works so well! SaveSaveSaveSaveSaveSave SaveSave Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Style  
Taylor Cannon says  December 5, 2017 at 7:13 am These outfits are so cute! Every time I read your blog I tell myself I NEED to try Everlane! So many cute pieces and such a great company! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Linnea says  December 5, 2017 at 10:57 pm What size do you wear in the Everlane button up? You said size small, but they are numbered sizes, having a hard time picking the right one! 
Naomi @HuntingforPinkFlamingos says  December 6, 2017 at 9:42 am I LOVE that you shared the backstory — and that you were hiding your phone in most of these. I definitely scrolled through a second time justttt to see if I could tell where the phone was hidden.  It was really fun! xx Naomi
https://huntingforpinkflamingos.com/ 
Kelly Lynn says  December 7, 2017 at 7:48 am I bought the entire ‘date night’ outfit w/ the revolve skirt  – cannot wait until I receive it! I had the boots but, bought an Everlane turtleneck & leopard clutch too. Now, I need a date (0; 
Katie says  December 15, 2017 at 12:34 pm I like #4 the cozy and polished for work! I could actually see myself wearing that to work! My kids would probably think I’m an old lady because their 7th and 8th graders and anything modest to them means your old ha. But all super cute!!! And I didn’t notice the phone at all.  Katie | http://www.sunshinestyleblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blouses On Sale, Straw Bags, Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes, Sweaters And Cardigans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 26, 2017   Tie front tee: Madewell via Nordstrom–comes in black, white, and greyish/blue, too!  Chunky knit cardigan: Free People via Nordstrom (also comes in purple) Jeans: Levi’s–similar here and here! Leopard loafers: Sam Edelman (Come on so many colors/patterns, but I think I also need the classic black, too!) The Sam Edelman loafer mules are also great! Bag: Rebecca Minkoff ‘love’ bag (very similar here, but in larger size) Her mini “MAC” bag also comes in the same olive suede and gold combo! I’m also obsessed with this suede equestrian style bag in “mustard”–less than $50!, Sunglasses: Old but I love this version (under $50!) and this version! Happy Tuesday! How is your week going so far? I went to bed on Sunday night with a little cough that somehow progressed into a terrible one through out Sunday night, so I took Monday morning off to get a little more sleep. (Thus, why this post didn’t go up yesterday :-P) So many of you guys told me about a great trick: mixing lemon and honey together and taking a spoonful several times per day, and it definitely helps–thank you! Luckily I don’t have any other symptoms other than coughing, so I’m wondering if maybe it’s allergies? Who knows. It’s that time of year, I suppose! This past weekend was such a busy one–we hung out with Mitch and Kelly on Friday night (apologies to those who viewed THOSE instagram stories. Goodness. We get a little carried away sometimes when the four of us are together with wine involved :-P) Saturday morning we celebrated Blair at her baby shower, and Saturday night our best friends Melissa and Tyler had their engagement party. She asked me to be a bridesmaid with the best card I’ve ever seen. (We are all huge Harry Potter nerds). The card read, “I solemnly swear that I am up to no good. I will need help managing my mischief. Will you be my bridesmaid?” AMAZING. And obviously I said yes! They are getting married next year on the same weekend as our one-year anniversary, so it will be an extra special occasion! Sunday, Neal’s cousin, Kate, had her bridal shower in Lincoln Park, so it was so fun to celebrate another bride in the family and see everyone on his mom’s side post-wedding! SO. Now that we are all caught up–let’s talk about some fall staples, shall we?  Now, if you’re living in the Midwest, you’re probably still dehydrated from this shocking heatwave we’ve been experiencing over the past week or so. The good news–things are looking up–it looks like it will start feeling like Fall later on this week–haha! THAT is when you can refer to this look–one of my favorite cute fall outfits  That being said, the reason I love this t-shirt is because it’s a fall color, but you can wear it with jean shorts if necessary on those “Indian Summer” days, and when it starts to get chilly (you know, feel like REAL fall), you can layer on a sweater or jacket, jeans, and loafers or booties! I don’t own anything this color–it’s almost like a fall version of salmon or coral, it’s so pretty and looks good on all skin tones! Plus, the little tie detail on the front makes it so much more fun and versatile than just a regular old t-shirt.  I know I talk about not owning a surplus of bags–really, I wear about 4-5 different bags year-round. I just don’t see the need to own so many! This bag is the newest addition to my collection and I really, truly love it. I have never owned a lot of olive green so I wasn’t sure if I would truly get a lot of wear out of it, but the color pairs with everything and the gold chain makes it so beautiful, timeless, and dresses up what I would normally consider to be a more casual color. It’s the Rebecca Minkoff small “Love” bag–I can’t find it in this exact version anymore, but the larger version is very similar and would be better suited for those who prefer to carry a bit more around with them! Linking some other favorite fall bags below:    Next up: this chunky cardigan. I mean. Holy cow. There are no words for how comfy this thing is. You know your favorite Pottery Barn chunky knit blanket that you can’t watch Netflix without? Someone at Free People got ahold of it and made it into a cardigan. It is AMAZING. I promise, you won’t go a day without throwing it on in the coming months. It’s great to keep on your chair at work and even better to pull on to walk to brunch on a cool Saturday morning. I also love this version, also made by Free People. These leopard loafers are quickly becoming one of my favorite buys of the entire fall season, for several reasons. First, and most obvious–they’re absolutely adorable. They details of the gold bit paired with calf hair and leopard pattern make them a versatile staple that adds such a fun punch to a basic outfit. Now, the not so obvious part–they are so incredibly comfortable. They are as soft as butter, and didn’t rub me anywhere, even the first time I wore them! This is incredibly rare with a pair of loafers, as you probably know–I’ve been wearing them around the house as slippers when my feet get cold! (Neal LOVES to blast the AC, which causes me to layer up like the old woman that I truly I am inside.) If loafers aren’t your think, they also have leopard print ballet flats that accomplish the same, but are a different look! And on the flip side, if leopard isn’t your think, Nordstrom has a TON of loafers right now in several different colors. Shop my favorites below:  Finally, you’ve seen these jeans quite a bit on the blog–my old standby Levi’s. I can’t say enough good things about Levi’s jeans. They’re classic and will never go out of style–they’re comfortable and reasonably priced. I love rolling them or cuffing them at the hem, and they look equally cute with booties or sneakers, too. (You can see ’em styled here and here, too!) Mine are technically the “721” jeans, but I haven’t found this specific wash online lately. This version and this version are nearly identical to the one’s I’m wearing here though! I also own the “wedgie” jeans and love them equally as much! If you prefer medium-rise, try the 711’s!  I often get a lot of questions on the best place to shop for fall essentials, and Nordstrom is one of my best go-to’s! They have a ton of variety in terms of both styles as well as price points. Tons of sweaters, versatile tops, denim, dresses, and of course, all of the shoes! I also love that they carry items from other favorite stores like Madewell and Free People (as you can see here!) and J.Crew. They have fast, free shipping and returns are always free, too!  Created in partnership with Nordstrom, one of my favorite retailers!  Photos by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Outfits, Style Tagged With: cute fall outfits 
Rebecca says  September 26, 2017 at 7:29 am Have that exact madewell top! Love the color and get lots of compliments on it. Can’t wait for the cool weather tomorrow! Enjoy the hopefully last hot day in Chicago! 
Taylor Martin says  September 26, 2017 at 9:47 am When I first saw this top on Madewell’s site, I immediately bought it in this coral-ish color and the white. Such a quality top that I know I’ll wear a lot this fall and winter in Chicago. I typically don’t think I buy a lot of colored items but it’s funny, when I hung this coral top in my closet I immediately noticed I had like 5 different tops that were all in this dark coral / rust color! Apparently I buy this color a lot! I have darker brown hair and I think I’m drawn to the way this color goes with my hair color and skin tone.  Also love love looove the leopard loafers! Thanks for sharing, Jess! xo, Taylor 
Jessi Afshin says  September 26, 2017 at 12:32 pm Omg you’re so cute! I love that top. The color and the little tie in the front are perfect!! xoxo
Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Tomi Obebe says  September 27, 2017 at 3:33 pm Shoutout to your photographer because this lighting is everything! Love the picks.  xx, Tomi
http://goodtomicha.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Platform Black Heels, One Pieces Swimwear, Denim Dresses, Black Pj Sets and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 26, 2017   Above bell-sleeved top from Nordstrom. Full outfit post coming soon!  If you’ve been following this blog for awhile, you know I’m not typically the person to jump on all the trend bandwagons. I gravitate toward more the classic, feminine pieces over trendy ones–however, when classic, feminine AND trendy meet? Now that’s something I can get behind! One of those trends? Bell sleeves! You’ve probably seen them everywhere about now, and like me, may be contemplating giving them a whirl! I absolutely love how some versions give off a hint of that “I could’ve just stepped off the set of Madmen” vibe, but also somehow manage to be super modern, yet classic at the same time. (Is that possible? Did that even make sense? Do you get what I’m saying?) I think what I’m trying to say is, it’s rare that a trend can transcend classic, preppy, boho AND minimalistic styles, but this one does! I’m pretty sure there’s a perfect bell sleeved top or dress for everyone  I just purchased this bell sleeved top last week (it has bows at the elbows! So cute!)–which will be coming to an outfit post near you shortly. In the meantime though, shop 9 of my favorite bell sleeve picks below!  Blush Bell Sweater Florals (Groundbreaking) Bows + Bells Black + Lace Feminine Pink Classic Prep Deep Green Sheer + Textured Classic + Feminine Filed Under: Shop, Style  
How Old is Too Old says  January 26, 2017 at 1:29 pm We are wearing bell sleeves today too! Bigger the better! Living for it with the sliver skirt. 
Devon says  January 27, 2017 at 12:46 am I’ve been all about bell sleeves lately too! Can’t get enough!! xo Devon  Seventeen Dresses  
Britney says  January 27, 2017 at 7:32 am Super chic! Totally makes sense to have the Madmen look of being classic and modern at the same time. That’s what I think of when I see the bell sleeve tops that Ann Taylor has right now. Looking forward to seeing the full outfit! 
Rachel Spross says  January 27, 2017 at 8:59 am I love bell sleeves! Such a fun trend and so chic. Great picks!  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold Flat Shoes, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, Lariats, White Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 27, 2019  Similar PJ’s here (mine are old), Christmas Tree, Yeti mug HUZZAAAHHHHH the biggest shopping weekend of the year is here! I hope you’re as excited as I am. So many sales have started early this year and I for one can say I think the deals are the best I’ve seen in a LONG time. Kendall and I have worked really hard on our sale guide this year to make it the most helpful, comprehensive, easy to digest sale guide out there. I think you are going to LOVE the new format! Here’s how it works: I will be updating *this post* daily (often multiple times per day) throughout Cyber Monday. I will make sure I post the last time it was updated so you know whether or not there are new updates since the last time you visited! Shop however you please: Because so many of you have different preferences in how you like to shop, we’ve created a clickable Table of Contents below that will take you directly to the section you wish to shop first. I cannot WAIT to hear what you think! (Post last updated Sunday at 5:21 pm)    Click the link to go to the section you wish to shop!  Sam Edelman loafers: 15% off!  You can get the best Gucci dupes as part of Shopbop’s Buy More Save More sale! Many are marked down even further! They are SO comfortable–I have them in leopard! (Note they make the Lorraine and Lior–the only difference is that the horse-bit is twisted on one and more classic on the other, but the latter is on sale!) Note–you have to hit the $200 threshold for the discount, but Shopbop has a TON of amazing things on sale, so if you’re intentional with it you can easily hit it. For example, they have some of my favorite gifts! AND their 5 pack of Hanky Panky thongs (best underwear ever) for $98 is also included! On sale sweaters to wear with leggings Several requests for long sweaters to wear with faux leather leggings, so here are a few that caught my eye! Free People basically has a cult following for their tunic sweaters. This cozy turtleneck one is only $99, and their crewneck version is now  50% off at $64! I also love this convertible Caslon sweater tunic (now under $50!) It has tons of amazing reviews! It’s a cowl neck that converts into an off-the-shoulder neckline, so you can wear it casually (a perfect travel outfit!) and dress it up by wearing it off the shoulder with a pair of heels! Uniqlo Heat Tech under $15! This is the #1 GG reader recommendation for keeping warm in the winter! Uniqlo has a line of basics called “Heattech” that work with your own body heat to make you super warm without adding bulk! Some of their items are marked down for Black Friday! Mini Anthro Volcano Candles, now $8!  If you’re looking for a really budget-friendly gift to have on hand for hostess gifts, little tokens of appreciation for women in your life, etc, gift exchanges, stock up on these candles. I’ve never met anyone who didn’t LOVE the Volcano candle scent–it’s incredible!! Hydroflask 25% off!  I use my hydroflask EVERY. DAY. It’s the best gift for anybody–girls OR guys. I bring it everywhere with me and it makes it so much easier to drink enough water every day! (This is especially great for someone like a teacher who is at their desk all day and may not have time to refill her water bottle a lot during the day!) Also a great thing to bring to a gift exchange because it’s just as great of a gift for George in accounting as it is for the 18 year-old intern. And it’s only $25 right now! J.Crew Pajamas J.Crew always has the best pajamas and the best time to stock up is when they’re half off!! They make the best gifts––who doesn’t love a nice set of pajamas!? NEW Slip silk pillowcases + Eye masks 30% off!!  Just found even bigger discounts on Slip!! Dermstore has them for 30% off––I’ve never seen them marked down this low! You can get the pillowcase now for $54! OR the gift set of the pillow case + eye mask for $84 OR the 5 piece set of pillow case, eye mask AND scrunchies for $98! These seriously make the best gifts EVER. Lo + Sons Rowledge Backpack: 40% off!! I recently invested in this backpack (of course, when it was NOT 40% off. Sigh.) but it was still worth every penny. I LOVE. THIS. BACKPACK. If you’ve been looking for something sleek and super functional for work and travel, I can’t recommend this enough. The straps stow away so you can carry it as a bag if you need something more professional for a meeting–it holds both my camera and my laptop. It has an endless array of pockets and even a small one on top that perfectly fits your essentials like passport, wallet, etc, so you’re never digging around trying to find them. Their customer services is also impeccable–if something breaks, etc, they will fix your bag or replace it on the house. I love this company so much. Sorel boots 25% off!  The #1 boots I recommend for winters in the midwest–these are heavy duty and very necessary! Nordstrom is also price matching! Madewell Canvas Backpack:  I have this little backpack purse in their leather version, (only available in canvas now, but still super cute!) and it’s a travel staple! It’s the best backpack ever–fits so much stuff (my giant DSLR being one of them) and is perfect for wearing during the day while exploring. It’s the only purse I ever bring to Europe. Currently 30% off. Quilted Barbour Jacket It’s not often you can grab Barbour under $200, but this Barbour Jasmine jacket is 40% off at $180! It comes in both navy and olive–this will go FAST! Snap it up!!! Barbour runs small so go up a size. (I typically wear a 4 but if I wanted a lot of room to layer a ton I’d go up to a 6). Gold initial necklace:  This gold initial necklace is 40% off and would make such a great gift for anyone, but especially for a new wife with her new last initial, a new mom or new grandma with the new baby’s first initial! Madewell Belmont Mock Neck Sweater: A great basic to stock up on! This cute mock neck comes in 5 colors and is 40% off! Hanky Panky 3-Pack: Another good staple to stock up on! This 3-pack is less than $40 right now!   Sam Edelman ‘Petty’ Chelsea Boot: If you’re in the market for a low bootie, this is a great option! It comes in black and beige and is 40% off! They are SO comfortable and versatile. (Great gift for mom, too!) Hunter Original Rain Boots A true classic, these Hunters are on major sale right now! Available in regular and gloss! Festive Midi Dress I LOVE this adorable midi––it’s 40% off and now only $35! How perfect is it for a holiday party? SPANX Faux-Leather Leggings: YES! Run don’t walk- these will go fast! You guys know how much I love my Spanx faux leather leggings! Grab them while they are on sale! Zella Live In High Waist Leggings: I love these high waist Zella leggings! A few styles and colors are on sale–I have the “Live In” leggings and love them–they’re comfy enough for everyday and supportive enough for HIIT workouts! Halogen V-Neck Cashmere Sweater: Halogen makes great cashmere sweater–I love the shape of this one and it comes in tons of colors! Wubby Fleece Pullover:  This fan-favorite (my #1 bestseller over the past month!) is on sale for less than $50 and comes in three colors! I’m actually wearing it as I write this post and it’s keeping me so warm at the lake house! Mark + Graham Backpack:  I keep coming back to is this beautiful vegan leather backpack––a lot of you guys always ask for backpack reccos and this one is as pretty as the expensive Cuyana one but only $89 right now! Blondo Nada Waterproof Boot: As you know, I love Blondos so much for winter rain/sleet/snow, and I love the heel on this one! This pair comes in black and grey and is 40% off! Delsey suitcase My favorite Delsey luggage is 19% off!! This has been one of my most popular items for YEARS and I love it so, so much. It holds so much stuff and brings me so much joy whenever I wheel it through the airport. Neal has the brown version too, so it also makes a great guy gift! Calpack Luggage  Calpack luggage is also 15% off, and their set of carry on + checked bag is only $275! I don’t have this personally but I know people who love the brand and it has great reviews! Silk travel pillow + eyemask set  This silk travel pillow + eye mask set ($80––15% off!) would make the best gift for any frequent traveler in your life! It’s a splurge-worthy self care gift they probably wouldn’t ever purchase for themselves! Sperry Boots A couple of you guys mentioned that you were looking for Sperry Rain Boots on sale, so here you go!! Nordstrom has several pairs for 30-40% off! BlankNYC suede drape jacket If you’ve been looking for a great versatile jacket, I LOVE BlankNYC (they make the best moto jackets!) and their faux suede drape jacket Is HALF off! (I’ve never seen them discounted that much!) **Best of jeans on sale** Madewell denim:  ALL Madewell Jeans (marked down 30% off at Nordstrom and Madewell) Their skinnies were voted #1 GG reader favorite for all body types! Abercrombie Jeans:  my favorite super budget-friendly skinny jeans that are $39 right now! Levi’s:  Lot’s of Levi’s for women and men marked down at Nordstrom. This pair of high rise true black skinnies in particular have 5 star reviews! Ruffle winter date night top Ruffle Lace Top (33% off!) is perfect for winter date nights! Will look so cute styled with jeans, faux leather leggings, or a skirt! BlankNYC Suede Moto Jacket I own like 3 of these jackets in different colors and they are INCREDIBLE. If you’ve been looking to pull the trigger on a beautiful moto jacket, I can’t recommend this one enough! It’s 33% off. Madewell Dainty Heart Studs  Now just $38, this is a perfect gift for your girlfriend gift exchange! Who wouldn’t love to open these sweet little studs?    Everlane Men’s Uniform pieces  Everlane doesn’t have a discount sale BUT for every order placed this weekend, they’re donating $10 to Oceana, an organization dedicated to cleaning up our oceans and eliminating single-use plastics! If you’ve been wanting to buy any Everlane, now is the best time to do it so your dollars help support an amazing cause! I get asked about guys’ basics a lot, so I wanted to highlight their “Uniform” pieces––12 quality, wardrobe staples that he’ll wear year-round. Every item in the Uniform collection has been rigorously tested to simulate a full year of heavy wear and washing. (That’s 15 times the industry standard.) They’re the styles you wear every day, made to stand up to everyday wear—with a 365-day guarantee. The best portable speaker:  We take our UE Portable Speaker literally EVERYWHERE with us, it’s 20% off on Amazon right now! We’ve tried a couple different portable speakers and this one is unparalleled when it comes to sound quality. It would make the BEST gift for any guy (husband, brother, FIL, dad, etc!) Equilibria CBD Relief Cream Neal slathers this stuff on DAILY. He loves it for sore muscles post-workout and for joint pain. Any athlete will be obsessed with this stuff. Use code JESSKEYSBF for 20% off–with the discount it starts as low as $39! Barbour Donegal gloves These gloves come in two different colors and are 50% off (now under $30)! Weber Smart Grill I actually saw Liz + Dave raving about this and thought it was the COOLEST thing ever! It’s a meat thermometer that you stick into the meat when its on the grill, and it synchs with your smartphone, so you can monitor the temperature live and it will alert you when it’s almost to the perfect temperature! Meaning, you don’t ever risk getting sidetracked and overcooking your meat ever again! It’s also perfect if you grill year-round and he won’t have to stand out by the grill and freeze waiting for it to be done. Memory Foam Slippers: These would make a great gift for dad! Right now they’re 50% off (under $30!) Nike Dry Fit shirt (25% off)  Neal loves Nike dryfit shirts, especially the ones with sleeves! Perfect for running outside, or working out inside. Definitely a staple any guy would love to have! Theregun therapy device ($100 off!)  Okay, I honestly don’t know what this is, but this is the #1 thing Neal is asking for for Christmas. It’s a great splurge gift for the gym rat, apparently, it massages your muscles and helps them recover faster? J.Crew topcoat with ecofriendly Primaloft:  HALF off right now (making it only $139!!) this coat is SO sharp looking and it’s lined with primaloft, making it way warmer than a normal topcoat as well. This is something he’ll have forever!   SoundBeam Grill Light + Bluetooth Speaker Good thing my Father in Law doesn’t know how to get to my blog, so he’ll never know that I just ordered this for his Christmas present. If your dad or FIL is notoriously the most difficult to shop for, he will love this! (Just make sure you show him how to connect his phone to the bluetooth speaker!) He’ll never have to take a flashlight out to the grill again, and he’ll be able to play his favorite tunes while he’s hanging out grilling! 20% off at Crate & Barrel right now! Travel adapter:  The best stocking stuffer for someone who loves to travel! It’s currently 10% off! Levi’s jeans Levi’s 510 men’s jeans are Neal’s favorite jeans–right now, they’re 40% off! Winter Parka If you’re looking for a stylish winter coat for your guy, J.Crew has a great one with five star reviews. With the half-off discount, it’s only $199–which is an insane steal for a winter coat! Lodge Cast Iron skillet Our cast iron is one of Neal’s favorite things–if he loves to cook (especially steak, or bacon!) he will love this. It’s 20% off right now with code SAVE20! You could also get this little cast iron kit to go along with it. (Want to make it even cooler? Get him a Butcher Box steak sampler to go along with it!   Neal’s Bar Set:  Neal’s bar set from Crate + Barrel is marked down to $76 right now! It would make the BEST gift for any at-home bartender! Bonobos Cashmere Hoodie:  Constantly nagging your guy to put on something nicer than a hoodie? Now you don’t have to!    Bonobos Car Coat Neal has last year’s version of this coat and we recommend it to everyone! If you’ve been looking to gift your guy a super nice coat, we can’t recommend this one enough. It’s 30% off right now! The popular colors sold out really fast last year, so snap it up quick! Men’s boots:  Some great stylish picks on sale: Water-resistant suede Chelsea boots Cap-toe boots (great for dressing up or down!) J.Crew classic leather chelsea boots (half off!) Sorels for men are the best winter boots! Lots marked down right now!   iPhone and Apple Watch charging dock (monogram it!) 20% off!  Perfect for a nightstand or desk, this is any techie’s dream gift!! They’ll use it everyday–I love that you can monogram it, too!   Canon Cameras Amazon has CRAZY amazing markdowns on cameras right now, including MY camera, the Canon 6D (which I’ve never seen marked down?!) but they also have the Rebel (the entry level DSLR that I recommend) and their mirrorless cameras as well! Incredible! Macbook Air + Macbook Pro Save $300 on both on Amazon right now! Dyson Cordless Vacuum: I cannot tell you how much joy this vacuum brings me. Honestly I think if there were a fire and I could grab 5 things this might be one of them. It will change your LIFE–it’s as light as a broom and I can quick vacuum our whole condo in just a few minutes. (Especially key for those with lots of hard wood floors!) Depending on the model you are looking for, you should look a few places: Dyson.com has models marked down across the board (our Dyson V8 is now marked down to $249 from $449!), but the cheapest I’ve found is at Walmart, which has the V7 for $179 (insane!) I think the difference is just the power and how much cleaning you need it to do. Ours is our only vacuum and we need it for hardwood floors and rugs so the extra power is much needed. Instant Pot If you’ve been wanting an Instant Pot this year, now is a great time to get one––it’s majorly marked down on Amazon! Amazon Kindle  One of the best gifts I’ve ever received! Even better: load some great books on to it too! You can see some of my absolute favorite books in this big roundup! Sonicare $100 off!!  Our exact Sonicare is under $100 right now on Amazon! It’s the best toothbrush. You know you’re old when you get excited about toothbrushes and vacuums. Neal and I share one base and just swap our toothbrush heads. HIGHLY recommend! Kitchenaid Mixer Crate & Barrel has the fancy ones for $100 off and Amazon has the regular ones for $199! Blendtec + Vitamix Blenders We have a Blendtec blender and LOVE it (very comparable to Vitamix) but Amazon has BOTH on major markdown right now! Martha Stewart Enameled Dutch Oven My mom got me this for Christmas several years ago and I love it SO much. It’s a budget-friendly alternative to a Le Creuset and it comes in so many pretty colors. Macy’s has them right now for $79 marked down from $229! (65% off!) This is our most used pot/pan in the winter, and every time I use it I think of my mom.    40% off entire store. They make my favorite super budget-friendly skinny jeans that are $39 right now! 20% off! One of my favorite small shops and where a lot of my gift guide for her items came from! (AND my favorite colorful “Chicago” sweatshirt is eligible for the discount AND restocked!!) Must enter code HEYSANTA at checkout to get the discount. She has some really great budget-friendly and unique items for gift exchanges too! So many markdowns on tons of items–like all Amazon electronics, I cannot recommend the Kindle Paperwhite enough–it’s one of my favorite gifts I’ve ever received! The ability to have any book at my fingertips and be able to carry multiple books with me at one time when I travel is amazing! Also, save $300 on Macbook Air and Macbook Pro! Our favorite UE Portable Speaker Is also 20% off! We bring it everywhere we travel–the sound quality is incredible! ALSO *My favorite Delsey luggage is 19% off! Neal has the brown version too!* Sonos, Neal’s favorite sound system equipment, is also marked down! 50% off everything with code CYBER 30% off everything sitewide! 30% off everything with code BIG30 50% off NO exclusions! My #1 favorite clean beauty brand! 15% off site-wide and free shipping! Check out ALL my picks in this post! Take 15% off when you spend $100, 20% off $250, 25% off $400+ 30% off site-wide! Neal’s favorite menswear brand! See Neal’s picks in this post!  20-30% off sitewide! They have an AMAZING sale and pretty much everything is included, if you’ve been wanting anything like a blender, KitchenAid, dishes, home decor, servingware, coffee machines, etc, look here!! We LOVE Crate & Barrel (it’s one of the few places we registered–most of our kitchen stuff is from here!) They don’t ever do a Black Friday sale, but instead, a Black Friday Fund! They’ll donate $10 from each order to Oceana, an organization dedicated to eliminating single-use plastic! If you want reviews on any Everlane items, I have SO MANY. Click here to see them all. Please consider buying Everlane this weekend if you’ve been planning to make a purchase this holiday season so your dollars can make a difference! My favorite CBD products that have completely changed my life. Usually, this weekend Is the most stressful weekend for me of the entire year because it’s such a busy time for bloggers, but this is the first year I’ve taken CBD and it has completely taken the stress away. It doesn’t make you high and really the only difference you feel is better equipped to deal with your stress. It’s incredible. I have the Balance Box subscription (I take 10mg softgel in the AM, 1 dropper of the oil at night, and I’ll take more during the day if it’s an extra stressful time.) Right now, the site is 15% off but with my code JESSKEYSBF you get 20% off! See my full Equilibria review right here. 40% off site-wide with code FRIDAY. Click here for my full list of J.Crew favorites + reviews on sale. Worth noting, I think J.Crew is far and away the best place to find holiday outfits!!  60% off everything! Up to 50% off sitewide! Use code FRIYAY 40% off site-wide! This also includes their coats!! They make the #1 warmest most affordable coats if you need a REAL winter coat! (They’re also a sustainable brand!) I HIGHLY recommend the Marybeth coat (their warmest) and Katie (not quite as warm, but really cute/feminine). I also just got the Nora coat (which I think is new this year?) It’s longer than the others and made to withstand temps down to -4F. I think it’s definitely the most chic puffer I’ve ever seen! I also LOVE their Lily bag which is convertible into a backpack, has a sleeve for your laptop AND yoga mat, and comes with a bag to store your dirty gym clothes! It’s the most practical bag for anyone with an active lifestyle! If you want a packable jacket, I love their Hudson and Emeline jackets–they roll up into nothing and are so warm––I run in these in the winter! Read my review of all of them here.  Black Friday steals up to 80% off! (Get $100 off purchase of $200!) They also have their cashmere marked down to $50! Up to 60% off! My FAVORITE backpack I just got a few weeks ago is majorly discounted to $225.  I also love their Catalina bags so much–they also make incredible gifts! Tons of markdowns, including the Align pants, but almost everything is sold out already so if you want something, be quick!! 20% off Black Friday Sale! Lots of special deals on so many categories–clothes, home, kitchen, etc! 30% off site-wide! (Including all their jeans–which were voted #1 GG Reader Favorite for all body types!) My favorites are their leather bags and also they make my favorite wrap bodysuit–I just noticed its back this year in a thong version! 20% off sitewide plus 50% off select Black Friday gift specials! This is one of my favorite retailers for really nice, practical gifts (you can monogram everything too!) One I keep coming back to is this beautiful vegan leather backpack––a lot of you guys always ask for backpack reccos and this one is as pretty as the expensive Cuyana one but only $89 right now! (BEST picky parent/grandparent gifts!!) There is nothing better to get parents/grandparents who already have everything than PHOTOS. Minted has beautiful photo gifts, and you can even get a photo made into artwork––the opportunities are endless. They’re offering between 15%-20% off depending on how much you spend, and free shipping! They also have great artwork–I got my MIL this pretty framed bird print for the lake house a couple years ago! Another great one for photo gifts is Shutterfly, FYI, who also has a big sale! Tons of awesome markdowns and they price-match as well! FYI–I just learned that Nordstrom will price adjust if you purchase anything and it gets marked down further, so buy now while your favorites are in stock and if they get marked down further, just call them to adjust your order! Most notable mark downs right now: Spanx leggings, Zella, and Blondo (my favorite waterproof suede boots!) Also, Sorel boots just got marked down/price matched 25% off! **Plus, they just added rewards! If you spend $125, you get $25, Spend $250, get $50, and spend $400, get $100 back in Nordstrom cash! Tons of beauty gift sets, half off! Plus a bunch of gifts under $15 were just released! **My t3 Whirl Trio Curling Iron set is now $199!! (Marked down from $300!) This might be a mistake and I have no idea how long this will last so snatch this up FAST! My favorite curling iron that I’ve used for years now! Their tiered sale is always amazing. Up to 25% off full-price items and up to 75% off sale items with code MORE19. NOTE: This is the only place you can get Slip silk pillowcases and masks at a discount! (You just have to make sure you’re buying enough to hit the threshold to take advantage of the 15% off!) They have SUCH great out of the box gifts, too! The Spanx faux leather leggings are also discounted here! Remember, Shopbop has Prime shipping! Huzzah! 50% off sitewide! I love Shutterfly for making photo book gifts–we made one for Neal’s Papa for his birthday last year, each page had photos (old and new!) and a letter from each family member. It made for the most special gift! They have anything that you could put a photo on–ornaments, mugs, phone cases, pillows––ANYTHING. Grandma will be in heaven opening something from Shutterfly! 25% off several of their most popular styles for men, women and kids! (Note: Nordstrom is also price matching Sorels!) Up to 60% off with code SWTHANKFUL. Also includes my favorite splurge OTK boots, the Lowlands and the popular heeled version, the Tieland! My fave sneakers!! 30% off sitewide with code TAKE30 A BUNCH of markdowns on individual items, including some Heattech!! Also, you can sign up for their email list for a $10 off coupon!! BOGO 50% off + free shipping! Urban is my go-to for cute, quirky, out of the box gifts perfect for gift exchanges, coworkers, white elephants and more!    On sale for $300 right now, this is my newest Lolë puffer and it is by far my favorite design aesthetically. It’s suitable for temps down to -4 degrees F, so it’s very warm without being bulky. However, it’s not AS warm as the Marybeth coat (suitable for temps down to -20 F–more on that below!!) It’s super chic (comes in black and navy as well as this burgundy color) and I love the long length and how warm the collar is. It’s water-resistant (but not waterproof)–however, I did just walk to the coffee shop in the rain with no umbrella and it was totally fine keeping me dry! Sizing: Runs TTS, I’m wearing a small and there’s plenty of room for layering. Broken record here, as always, my #1 recommendation for winter is Blondo boots! Mine are on sale right now for under $150 and I think they are the best boots money can buy. They truly are waterproof and salt-proof right out of the box. They’re my most worn winter boots and have been for several seasons. (I had an older pair for 3 years and only purchased the new pair that I’m wearing here to review for you guys and make sure they were still up to snuff–they are quality and last a very long time!) I also love the addition of the extra tread on this year’s pair–it will be a game-changer for ice and snow! Tip: wear them with knee-high socks for the best fit! Sizing runs TTS. I LOVEEEE this backpack so much!! Marked down from $375 to $225 until the end of the day TODAY only! (I have the black with gold zipper and camel interior.) I’ve been using it nonstop ever since I got it a few weeks ago. I specifically purchased it for travel but I’ve been using it as my main bag for every day as well. It holds SO MUCH and it has an insane amount of storage. It has removable inserts too, so you can make more room in case you need it to hold more clothes, etc for an overnight stay. Their customer service is also amazing––if anything ever needs repairing or replacing, they’ll fix it for free! They have a really handy little graphic on their site that shows you all the amazing features so I’m just going to leave that here…    My favorite Zella sports bra (for lower-impact and lounging–it’s SO comfortable!) and Live in Leggings (great for working out–even HIIT workouts– AND lounging in!) are both marked down at Nordstrom. If you’re looking for good affordable activewear for yourself or for gifting, I highly recommend Zella! The brand typically runs TTS for me. (Small in both top and bottoms).  I LOVE Lole’s Lily bag which is convertible into a backpack, has a sleeve for your laptop AND yoga mat, has tons of pockets for organization, comes with a bag to store your dirty gym clothes AND a clear pouch to store your toiletries. It’s the most practical bag for anyone with an active lifestyle! They have a bunch of variations and it makes the best gift! Some of my most favorite products in LIFE––Equilibria CBD–are 20% off right now with code JESSKEYSBF!!! Most of you guys know that I loved these products and fell in love with this all-women startup so much that I weaseled my way onto their marketing team. (I work with them ~10 hours per week–they’re based in Chicago!) I get an inside look at this company the way few other people do, and let me tell you––they are changing women’s lives. Equilibria is for women, by women, and they are completely different than any other CBD company out there. I’ve tried other CBD before, and it’s not even comparable. Their products have been immensely helpful in helping me stay balanced during super stressful periods of time, they help quiet my mind so I can fall asleep, they help relieve my PMS symptoms––CBD can help SO many of the problems we deal with as women. Their products not only work better, but every customer receives one on one dosage counseling (Yes, you can literally have a call whenever you want with a real person whose WHOLE job it is to help you figure out what dose is right for you based on your goals. The whole dosage team is WONDERFUL and their knowledge is incredible.) Buying for yourself? I highly recommend getting a subscription, because CBD is most effective when taken daily AND because you get a discount when you buy a subscription. I have a subscription to both the capsules and the oil drops (which you get for the best price with the Balance Box) and Neal and I also both use the CBD cream for sore muscles, aches, pains, etc. Buying a gift? Their NEW All is Calm box (pictured above) is seriously the best gift I can think of giving. So many of you have asked for gift ideas for picky mother in laws or sister in-laws and this contains all their bestsellers PLUS their two brand new products: A roller AND two CBD bath bombs. The bath bombs smell absolutely incredible and they’re perfect for anyone who needs to unwind! (Okay fine, this is a great gift for yourself too. ) Idea: If you’ve been looking for lower price point gifts, you could purchase an All is Calm box and divvy up the individual products individually! By splitting up the 6 items, each comes out to just $34! Right now, the site is 15% off, but use my code JESSKEYSBF and you will get 20% off!   If you’re looking for something comparable in warmth to Canada Goose for less than half the price–this is the one to get! This jacket uses the highest quality Cruelty-Free Down, 700 fill-power (it’s actually warmer than Canada Goose, which has 650 fill power) and 90/10 down to feather ratio (the lightest available). It’s also waterproof, windproof, has a removable hood lined with detachable faux fur lining as well as being eco-friendly (OEKO-TEX® certified). **Note, above is last year’s style, this year’s style does not have faux fur on the hood**  I love how form-fitting this winter coat is! It’s most comparable to a North Face puffer in terms of warmth (but is actually warmer, at a fill-power of 600 vs. North Face’s 550). If you don’t have the Marybeth in the budget but still want a really warm coat, you can definitely get away with this coat for a Chicago winter. It has many of the same features as the Marybeth in that it’s made with cruelty-free down, has a removable hood and faux fur lining, and is eco-friendly. However, one important thing to note is that while the Katie is durable water repellant, it’s not waterproof, like the Marybeth is.    If you’re looking for a super warm, but light jacket that rolls up into basically nothing––you will LOVE Lolë’s packable coats! I have both the Hudson (the warmest one!) and the Emeline (still very warm, but thinner/lighter. There is also an Emeline made of fully recycled materials!) I wear a small in both. This is a BEAUTIFUL jacket and a perfect weight for fall/spring. It’s definitely not as warm/heavy as a winter coat, but it’s a great mid-weight coat! I love the two double-breasted button closure and the textured wool–it’s just a very smart looking coat! And it comes in a bunch of colors! Sizing: Runs TTS. I ordered a 4 because it’s not as heavy as my other coats so I wanted it to be able to accommodate more layers, but I probably would’ve been good with a 2 as well. Probably the warmest non-puffer coat money can buy you and an overall adorable coat! These go VERY fast every year, so if you see your size and color, I’d grab it quick! Sizing: I personally think this coat runs big! I have a 0 and it’s great for wearing bulky layers under, but I probably could have gone down another size even. I think it really just depends on how many layers you plan to wear underneath it.  This coat is VERY warm for how thin it is–it’s definitely a more refined coat than the Cocoon coat. I love how polished and feminine it is! Sizing: I wear a size 2 in this coat and it fits perfectly. I don’t usually wear a lot of layers under this coat (though I treat it as more of an evening coat) so if you need it to accommodate a ton of chunky layers you may want to go up a size.  I adore this blazer! If you’ve been looking for a classic, tailored blazer for work (or outside of work, even!) this is my pick! It comes in four beautiful colors!  This turtleneck is SO incredibly soft and it comes in several beautiful colors! (Including my fave, camel!) It is SUCH a steal!! Runs TTS.  I love this classic fair isle! Perfect with jeans and booties and fun to dress up or down! Sizing: Wearing a small, which is the size I’d usually wear for a cropped sweater like this! XS would’ve probably been too small though.  The one I’m wearing here is from last year, but this year’s is also very similar! I get so much wear out of this in the winter, it’s easy to dress up or down, wear to work or wear on a date. (It also has 5 star reviews on the website!) Pro tip: Reviews say this year’s runs a bit small. This midi skirt is the most beautiful shade of emerald green! (Comes in other pretty jewel tones as well!) This skirt is super versatile–great for a date night or party but also ideal for the office because of the length! Sizing: I’d say this runs big, wearing a 0 and could’ve gone with 00. I will never have enough tissue turtlenecks! If I had to choose ONE staple that rules my wardrobe for fall/winter, it would be these. They are the best layering essentials–truly–and look cute on their own or layered under your favorite chunky sweater. Sizing: It depends on how you want them to fit. If you want them tight, order your regular size (I have them in both XS and S). If you want them still form-fitting but a bit looser, order a size up.  One of my top selling items during fall/winter last year for good reason–it is an AMAZING wardrobe staple. It’s perfect for work or weekend–it’s part cardigan, part blazer. It comes in lots of colors, too! Sizing: I’d say it might be SLIGHTLY oversized. If you’re between sizes you may want to go down but buy what you’d usually wear in a cardigan, not a blazer. (I went with an XS.)  This was one of my favorite sweaters last year so I’m SO GLAD they brought it back so you guys can take advantage! The roll neck is such a classic, casual style and I really love the one I have in mustard. They come in tons of other colors too! Sizing: TTS! I’m wearing a small.  It’s hands down the most-worn sweatshirt I’ve ever owned, and I have it in 2 colors now! Read my full review here! Sizing: You should size down because it runs big and it’s boxy. I have an XS in this cream one you see here, but my grey one from last year is a small, and it’s a lot bigger/more oversized!  The one I’m wearing here is last year’s version, but they have a new version this year! The pattern is a bit different, but just as cute! Wear it now and later!  I love these jeans because they’re super stretchy and soft. The shape is the perfect in-between shape (much like my other favorites–the Everlane Cheeky straight jeans!). They’re straight leg crop, but the leg is still very slim. So if a true straight leg or wide leg feels too trendy for you but you want to break out of the skinny jean rut, I think this is a great jean to try! I love the raw hem and the length is perfect for styling with ankle booties. I’d say these are a higher mid-rise jean–so again, not too hight cut, but not too low either! Sizing: TTS–Wearing a size 25! Order your regular size–while they’re super stretchy (almost like a jegging), they don’t stretch out!  I’ve had this coated denim skirt for a couple years now and it’s always a go-to for going out! (This year’s may be a tiny bit different but it seems to be identical!) I love how it’s short but not TOO short, and it looks so cute with high boots! Runs TTS for me.  I’ve had mine for several years now (this photo is of my older ones) but I just got this year’s version so I could make sure they get my stamp of approval, and I love them even more, due to the slightly sleeker toe shape AND added traction on the bottom, making them even more great for all weather! They’re waterproof, salt-proof suede––just wear them right out of the box, even in slush, snow, rain, and salt! They run TTS for me. I have VERY small calves and the stretchy back accommodates a variety of calf sizes. (Tip: Wear them with knee socks if you have small calves and have trouble with slippage!) They run TTS and hit right above my knee (I’m 5’6).  Ahhh a favorite of mine for years! They make any outfit look so chic and classic! Part of Shopbop’s Buy More, Save More sale, so FYI you need to hit the threshold in order to get the discount! Sizing: Run big, go 1/2 size down!  I just grabbed these this season and absolutely LOVE them! I wear them with everything! The pointier toe and kitten heel makes them really comfortable and sleek! I walked a lot in them the first day I wore them and no blisters, rubbing, or pain! They’re great! Sizing: Wearing XS, run TTS.  I LOVE these sneakers! You’ve all seen me style these a million ways this past year! Now is a great time to grab them 30% off! Use code TAKE30 at checkout! Sizing: Run TTS!  A favorite of mine for years! I use my transport tote for everything!  love the way they look, and they hold a TON of stuff. Use it for travel, work or every day! I have both the zipper and non zipper version and definitely would recommend the zipper!! ALL Madewell bags are 30% off at Madewell and Nordstrom!  I wore this belt bag all summer, and I love how versatile it is! Wearing it across your body or as a belt bag. It’s perfect for travel and exploring! It also comes in a cognac color! I LOVE this bodysuit–the neckline is so incredibly flattering, and it’s part of Shopbop’s Buy More Save More sale! Also comes in long sleeve version!  THE classic tartan J.Crew scarf that really just signifies the holidays for me. I’ve owned this scarf for several years and it’s always a favorite! It looks so festive and pretty with everything! Makes the best gift too!  You guys know how much I love Ray-Bans, and I’ve acquired quite a few pairs over those years. My favorites are the 53mm Round, Original Wayfarer, Aviators,and Hexagons! Check out mine and Neal’s favorite pairs in this post.  Happy Thanksgiving and I’m so INCREDIBLY THANKFUL for all of you!!   Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style  
Aircanda Reservation Online says  November 28, 2019 at 4:37 am Wow this is a great post 
Emily Lechiara says  November 30, 2019 at 7:37 pm AMAZING! So many great ideas, and especially appreciate the For Him section — immediate inspiration for my dad and fiance! 
ML says  December 1, 2019 at 9:48 am Jess, this is AMAZING – by far the best gift guide I have seen. So comprehensive and easy to navigate. THANK YOU. 
Nadia Christina says  December 1, 2019 at 3:52 pm This is so helpful! I agree – I think this is your best guide so far. Just snagged stuff for myself, husband, brother, and sister. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Chokers, Gold Flat Shoes, Light Blue Jeans, Turtlenecks On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 29, 2016   Shop the Collage: The cutest ever kitchen apron (from my friend Juley’s new line of adorable kitchen wear!) // Gold folding picture frame // Estee Lauder Advanced Night Repair Facial Serum // Coco Chanel Perfume // Chloe Perfume // La Mer Skincare Set // The BEST Mother’s Day card ever // Clinique Lipstick // Gold photo frame // Blue and White PJ Set // Lightweight Summer Sweater // Pink Kendra Scott Drop Earrings // Dogeared “New Mom” Necklace // Vince Camuto Blush Bucket Bag // Grey and White Striped Scarf // Tortoise Flip Flops // Dior nail polish 1 // Dior nail polish 2 // “Mom” mug (they also have a Grandma one!) // Comfy Espadrilles   




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Can you believe that Mother’s Day is almost here again? I feel like it’s always one of those holidays that totally creeps up on us when we least expect it. (Eek! Sorry Mom!) I think it’s probably due to the fact that we associate Mother’s Day with spring, and it rarely ever actually feels like spring when the holiday actually rolls around. (Come onnnn, Chicago!)   How are you celebrating mother’s day? Since my mom lives several thousand miles and a 6 hour plane journey away, we sadly haven’t spent a mother’s day together since high school! (But we’ll totally get to spend it together every year when I get married and have kids and you move to Chicago, right Mom!?) The past couple years I’ve been lucky enough to spend it with Neal’s amazing mom (Juj is the best!) and the rest of his family. (Mother’s Day brunch was actually one of the first times I hung out with them!) Thankfully they never turn me away for a holiday, and now I have two mamas to celebrate!  If you’re still in the market for a great mother’s day gift, I’ve rounded up some of my very favorites–from perfume, to skincare products, to clothing, PJ’s, shoes, and more, all under $200! (Yes, even the La Mer skin set is under $200!) Happy shopping, and I hope your mama has the best mother’s day yet this year!  Filed Under: Shop  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Embroidered, Black Lace Bralettes, Blue Shoes Flats, Fashion Jewelry and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 4, 2015   Top left: Corso Como ‘Laura’ Grey Suede: $247 // Corso Como ‘Laura’ Black Leather: $247 // Jeffrey Campbell ‘Raylan’ Brown Suede w/ Heel: $199 // Dolce Vita ‘Ohana’ Dark Grey Suede: $199 // Asos Block Heeled Boots: $135 Bottom Right: Hinge ‘Canton’ Distressed Leather Boots: $149 // Sam Edelman ‘Remi’ Black Leather: $200 // Calvin Klein ‘Cylan’ Brown Suede w/ Buckle: $199 // Stuart Weitzman ‘lowland: $804 // Forever 21 Black Genuine Suede Boots: $59  I have to confess, I’ve had dreams of splurging on my own pair of Stuart Weitzman Lowland boots for over a year now. (I blame Blair for my obsession.) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

But seeing as they’re just not in my budgetary cards right now, I started sniffing around my favorite websites (ahem, Nordstrom, and Amazon Fashion, among others) for several pairs that were more realistic with my spending habits, and found several absolutely stunning alternatives!   Have you purchased a pair of OTK boots yet? Which ones are your favorite? Help me choose!  In other news, I’ve been forgetting to tell you–Neal and I are headed to NYC this Friday! We’re visiting our friends Erin & Matt (You’ll remember me talking about their gorgeous wedding in this post.) I’m so excited, I haven’t been to New York in years, and this will be Neal’s FIRST time there! (Can you believe it? He’s going to go nuts.)  Let me know if anyone has any must-see’s in NYC, I’d love your tips!  Happy Wednesday!  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Carly says  November 4, 2015 at 7:52 am I present you with the perfect Stuart Weitzman dupe: http://www.aldoshoes.com/ca/en/women/boots/flat-boots/c/134/BARRA/p/39618385-91
xoxoxo 
Caitlin says  November 4, 2015 at 8:27 am I’m going to NYC the following weekend so I can’t wait to steal some tips!  It’s my boyfriend’s first time there too! Wild! Aqua Grill in Soho is one of my fav restaurants and the Winter Village at Bryant Park is really cool! Have fun! 
shaheen khan | lows to luxe says  November 4, 2015 at 9:54 pm umm, yes! you should get some stat. have fun in nyc! 
Susie @SequinsandStrawberries says  November 5, 2015 at 1:20 pm They’re putting the tree up in rockefeller center tomorrow (Friday!) but it won’t be decorated yet. Still fun to start getting in the holiday spirit! xx,
Susie Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White And Black Blouses, Lace Midi Dresses, Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes, Black Bodysuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 31, 2019   Thanks to Nordstrom and ShopStyle for sponsoring this post. All opinions are 110% my own!  Wowwww eee wow wow we are nearing the very end of the 2019 Nordstrom Anniversary Sale!!  Can you believe it!? Today is my HOME STRETCH #NSALE post–where I’m doing a try-on/styling session of some new, never before seen favorites that are still in stock–– if you happen to be in the market for some new staples as well as a great deal! (Side note: If you were bummed you missed out on something this year, make a mental note to sign up for the Nordstrom card, so you can shop early access next year! Also, if you sign up for a Nordstrom card now, you can accrue points toward your next Nordstrom purchase today and every future purchase, so you can continue saving after the sale is over!)  Prices go up on August 5th, and this stuff is going FAST, you guys.  Did I mention items are selling out fast?  To give you some perspective, I shot all of these looks Monday morning, when all of these items were fully stocked or almost fully stocked, and by that afternoon writing this post, that ALL changed. If you see something you want in your size, BUY IT, buy two sizes if you can, and return whatever doesn’t fit later. Check out immediately and place multiple orders if you have to, because if you hesitate, it will probably be gone! I’m talking like, add to cart, checkout immediately, and then continue to shop if you still want to shop more items.  Check back A LOT–like, leave your browser open and refresh it constantly–because they continue to re-stock in smaller quantities as returns continue to come in! Again, I’m talking, leave the browser up and hit refresh several times throughout the day–there’s a VERY good chance your size will get re-stocked once and then sell out within minutes. They update their system constantly–so as soon as one return comes in, it registers on their site!  (Don’t worry though, if you really have your heart on something and can’t snag it, it will likely be restocked when the sale ends, even though prices will go back up to full price! Another good reason to have a Nordstrom card so you can accrue “Nordstrom notes” to apply and save on future purchases!)  Remember, Nordstrom has the best customer service around–ALWAYS has free, no-hassle returns–you can also buy online and pick up in store, and perhaps best of all–they have free alterations!  I knowww I knowww you get it–I love camisoles. I own one in every color. This one is restocked (but probbbably not for long! ) in both white and black, so snap it up while it’s $38 and before the price goes up again!  Sizing: Runs big, wearing XS!  I LOVE this mustard/brown color for fall. I think it’s such a nice mix-up from the typical neutrals, but somehow still remains very versatile and neutral itself!? It’s just an all-around great, lightweight sweater for such a great price–$31! I’m wearing XS and think it fits great.  These pointed toe Cole Haan flats are now almost completely gone (although still well-stocked in other colors!) BUT–I love the Louise et Cie leopard calfhair loafers that are also part of the sale and almost fully stocked. They are both equally great for work! See the leopard loafers styled in this post, and the pointed toe flats styled in this post! Both are very comfy!   These jeans are my #1 denim pick from the Nordstrom sale if you’re looking for a pair of super flattering SUPER comfortable skinny jeans, and a bunch of sizes just got restocked!! (Although again, they are going fast; every time I refresh there are different sizes!)  Can’t say enough good things about these jeans. They have a raw hem with a slit at the side. I’m a little north of 5’6 and they are full length on me. I roll them to wear with booties. They’re so incredibly soft. They feel more like cloth than denim! They also have the perfect amount of stretch, but don’t bag out at all!   Sizing: TTS. I wear size 25 and these fit great!    It took me forever to decide on WHICH cashmere scarf/wrap to choose (they had a lot part of the sale!) but I ultimately picked this cashmere wrap/scarf because I love the colors and plaid pattern, but also really liked that I could wear it as a scarf OR a wrap/poncho. I also love that its lightweight, which makes it ideal for travel because it stuffs easily in a bag and doesn’t make you overheat if you layer it over another sweater! Thanks to Krista for turning me onto these! I can’t believe they’re still fully stocked! Definitely the biggest splurge piece I purchased from the sale, but here’s why I think they’re worth the investment:  Waterproof leather: The biggest reason–leather AND waterproof! I’m so excited about these! I really don’t love stomping around in clunky rain boots if I don’t have to, so these will definitely be in heavy rotation this winter! I love my waterproof suede Blondo boots but it will be nice to have a weatherproof leather pair in the mix.  Super sleek: I LOVE the fit of these boots! It’s so hard for me to find riding boots that aren’t huge on my calves. They almost always look clunky (like a little girl wearing shoes that are too big for her) and I love how sleek these fit. They have elastic in the back that really hugs your calves for a super chic fit.  Classic style: Riding boots never go out of style, and I know I’ll have these for years!  Comfy: Obviously I haven’t worn these outside but wearing them around the house they are very comfortable and I don’t think I will have a problem breaking these in!  The perfect travel boot: All of the above factors taken into account. They are the PERFECT travel boot if you’re looking for a nice, flat leather boot that is comfortable and supportive enough for a lot of walking! (Hello perfect Europe trip boots!)  Sizing: Run TTS!     May or may not be sold out in this Nordstrom sale. They keep going in and out of stock and then adding more sizes, but keep checking back! I originally couldn’t decide how I felt about these because despite being Wedgies, they’re super different than my other pair. The denim is different and so is the cut, but I really like them! My Levi’s wedgie straight jeans are my favorite pair in my closet, and these aren’t the Wedgie straight, they’re the tapered wedgies–just wanted to make that distinction. I think they make your butt look SO GOOD I’ve been wanting a pair of vintage-looking black jeans (and these are true black, not faded black) to go out and these definitely fit the bill! They are a match made in heaven with a slinky camisole–for any season!  Sizing: they do run a bit snug. I’m wearing 25s! I’m always a true 25 and I wanted them on the tighter side but if you want them looser or you’re in between sizes, size up.   These sneakers! You know how much I LOVEEEE my Tretorns–but they are canvas, not leather, and I know a lot of you guys don’t want to deal with canvas because it can get dirty so fast. I saw these in leather and had to try them for you anti canvas peeps. And guess what? I LOVE THEM! They’re SO great! They totally achieve the classic white sneaker look and are as versatile as the Tretorns, with the added bonus of being able to wipe them clean. I have worn them several times now with dresses and jean shorts and they are definitely way more comfortable than average converse when you first put them on–no rubbing or blisters at all! Although definitely not as cushiony and soft as the Tretorns, they’re still very comfortable.  Sizing: Go down 1/2 size. They run big! See more ways to style them in this post!      A top that is pretty, feminine, flattering, office appropriate AND cute enough for date night? Sign me up! Comes in lot’s of colors and the pink is going fast! You may also want to get one in black because that’s how much you’ll want to wear it!  In my quest to search for cute office pants for you guys, I FINALLY took the plunge on J.Crew’s seasonless crops. They are ADORABLE. I love that they’re cropped (which makes them easy to pair with booties for fall) but they look super polished at the same time! Sizing: Small for J.Crew! I’m wearing a 0 but they’re a little tight in the butt so I probably should’ve gone with a 2. I’m also 5’6 for length reference.     I chose these Steve Madden Booties (although these BP booties are nearly identical and less expensive!) specifically because I have an old pair of Dolce Vita booties that look EXACTLY like this that I’ve worn into the ground, and I haven’t been able to find anything else in their exact shape–until now! I think the heel hight, the almond toe, and where they hit at the ankle makes them super flattering while being comfy at the same time. Sizing: Some of the reviews say they run small but I don’t find that to be true, so I guess it depends on how thick you like your socks to be.  My other bootie pick: Blondo Nina Booties–a bit of different shape and have some cute little braiding details, but they have something the others don’t–they’re waterproof! So if you’ve been looking for a bootie that you can wear into the ground all winter, definitely look into Blondos!  **Note: The skinny jeans pictured here are the AG Farrah jeans mentioned above, just rolled up!   These Spanx faux leather leggings keep going in and out of stock super fast. (Seriously, there have been 3 different sizes restocked and sold out during the time I’ve written this post). But as of now, they’re fully stocked!! You’ve seen me style them in lot’s of other blog posts and I love both them because they’re super comfy but also way cuter than regular old spandex! If you find they’re sold out, keep refreshing and checking back frequently!  Sizing: I wear a small and I’m usually a small or XS. So if you’re typically someone who is ever in between sizes, go with the bigger size.      I know how hard it is to find cute blouses that you can wear year-round both in and out of the office, so I knew as soon as I saw this classic staple that it would be a wardrobe hit with you guys! It comes in tons of colors but I especially love this deep maroon color. It looks just as cute with work pants (styled here with J.Crew pants above) as it does with black jeans or leather leggings!  Sizing: I’m wearing XS but I do think it’s a little tighter through the chest than a normal XS would be, so consider sizing up.  I’m SHOOK this longline sweater is still fully stocked in most colors in sizes!! It’s the perfect sweater to wrap around yourself in fall and winter. So warm and cozy. Also, the length makes you look insanely chic! Sizing: True to size! Wearing a small but could’ve also gone with XS, they just didn’t have it in the store!     You remember this wrap dress in red from this blog post, but I also got it in black to show you guys both options, because it’s such a versatile work dress! I think it looks cute with just a pair of chic flats (this leopard pair is also part of the sale but almost sold out–however, this pair is super cute too and has great reviews!) or styled with a pair of booties and a cardigan!      SO EXCITED because this was originally sold out when I wrote this post but now it’s back! Who knows how many there are left, so snatch it up fast! This is the BEST versatile backpack purse. It’s amazing for travel and can fit my huge camera, a sweater, wallet, a small makeup pouch. All the essentials! It has multiple inside pockets too to keep things organized!  Shop everything you see here and a few more Nordstrom sale favorites:   
— WHEW! That’s IT, guys! Remember, prices go up again after this weekend, so don’t wait! Again, if you see something you want and its sold out, keep checking back A LOT and you’ll probably find your size restocked!  This has been such a fun Nordstrom sale content-wise, and I think the selection was so great this year. I hope whether or not you decided to shop, that you’ve enjoyed all the outfit remixes I’ve posted and come away with some new inspiration on how to style your existing pieces!  Photos by Hannah Schweiss Photography  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses, Gold Pumps Shoes, Green Coats, White Tank Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 3, 2016  Photo via Wish Wish Wish  Let’s be honest here for a second. There comes a time when wearing old sorority t-shirts and gym shorts to bed becomes a little stale. Don’t get me wrong, sometimes there is no better cure for a hangover than your old “Dad’s weekend beer pong tournament” tee, but day to day? It’s safe to say now that I’ve hit my mid-late twenties, it’s time for an upgrade. This is getting embarrassing. There’s no better time to chuck those old PJ’s than impending warmer temperatures. (Don’t you get hot in those gym rags anyway?) Instead, here are 17 of my favorite sleep sets that strike the perfect balance between grown-up, cute, and comfy. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

       Filed Under: Shop  
Rach Martin says  May 3, 2016 at 10:57 am YES! PJ sets are the bomb.com and these are all so freakin’ cute!  Rachel | http://www.seashellsandsparkles.com 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  May 3, 2016 at 11:09 am this really makes me wish I had my own backyard so I could go sit back there in my PJs and sip coffee! so cute! 
Melanie Beatus says  May 3, 2016 at 8:48 pm I’m so glad you posted this! I just came back from a destination wedding, and one of my girl friends had the cutest PJ set from Nordstrom. So excited to buy the Target one!! Thanks  
Catherine Marks says  May 4, 2016 at 4:29 pm You read my mind! I was just thinking about how I should get some grown up PJs now that I’m old, haha. Thanks for the ideas!
http://www.classiccatherine.com 
Erica says  May 13, 2016 at 9:11 pm Those mint striped pjs are so cute! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Sandals, Gold And Silver Jewelry, Black Booties Heels, Soludos Espadrilles and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 13, 2015   Dress: Sophia Reyes, available at Milk Handmade in Andersonville (and will be online soon!) To order, call 773-234-7053 // Coat: Zara (similar here and here) // Red suede heels: Jeffrey Campbell (similar here and here) // Purse: Kate Spade Gold Coast bag (similar here and here) // Necklace: J.Crew (similar here– only $34!)// Bracelet: J.Crew // Lips: Essence ‘Nude Love’ and Bare Minerals Marvelous Moxie buttercream lipgloss in Forbidden Nude 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Valentine’s Day is one of my favorite holidays! I was talking to my friend Jenna, from Ireland yesterday, and she was curiously asking me all these questions about Valentine’s Day, baffled that Americans celebrate such a holiday. I guess that would be an American thing to do, for a huge company to just pull a holiday out of thin air and then have it catch on like wildfire. (Brilliant.) But I love Valentine’s Day, and any excuse to put on a cute dress and some great heels (seeing as I work from home, that doesn’t happen that often anymore!)  Because I don’t own a lot of pink or red clothing, I usually go with festively colored accents, like my favorite red suede heels, or a fun pink coat. I swapped my usual red lip for a soft, nude pink (side note: how could I forget how much I loved nude lipstick all these years?) Also, I have to tell the world about my new favorite hair product. I heard about it from my friends at BloHaute, who did my hair for this shoot on Monday! It’s called Fave4 Texture Takeover. It’s actually the best hair product I think I’ve ever used. It has the texture of a dry shampoo, but it’s clear, and it it has the hold of a light hair spray. It’s not only perfect for prepping your hair for styling, but it gives this perfect bedhead look, and makes your style last for days! It’s AMAZING. You have to try it. (Sorry. End of beauty rant.) This year, Neal and I will be going to Little Italy for Valentine’s Day (one of those super stereotypical things I’ve always wanted to check off my bucket list. Maybe we’ll even eat spaghetti Lady & The Tramp style.) And then going up to the lake house for the end of the long weekend! I can’t wait!        Photos by Kelly and Blair  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  […] here, here, here, here and also love this draped version! You can also see it styled here! // Jeans: Paige Denim (not this exact pair, but very close!) also love […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Citizens Of Humanity Skinny Jeans, Wedge Pumps Shoes, High Waisted Flare Pants, Red Bikinis and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 10, 2019   Dress: BB Dakota c/o Shopbop (ON SALE! Runs big, wearing a zero) Sneakers: Tretorn c/o Shopbop (ON SALE! Run TTS!) Purse: Amazon (under $15!) Sunnies: Ray Ban 53mm Round Sunnies Hi guys! Happy Wednesday! Still haven’t unpacked from my trip to Guadalajara (blog post on my whole Patron Hacienda experience coming soon!) and the house is a disaster but HEY we’re halfway through the week! ? The outfit I’m sharing with you today is so cute I just can’t stand it–definitely one of my new favorites! A few days before I left for Phoenix for the Beautycounter conference with Blair, I found myself with absolutely nothing to wear and very little time to allow for shipping! ?SHOPBOP TO THE RESCUE! ?? They don’t just have cute clothes, but they have UNBEATABLE and insanely Amazon Prime shipping. Whenever I’m shopping for a trip, chances are, everything I’m buying is from Shopbop (because I’m a last minute kinda girl, haha!) Also, they’re  having a huge sale this week–and SO many of my favorite items are included!  I ordered quite a few items before the trip and one of them was this ADORABLE little chambray jumper dress. I definitely had a version of this when I was a little girl (although I’m pretty sure it was a Lee’s denim overalls dress, haha!) and I LIVED in it during the summer. Now that I have this, I’m pretty sure this will be no different!  You guys often ask me for more ideas on outfits to wear with comfortable sneakers (mine are Tretorn, also on sale right now!)–which is essential for anytime you want to be cute and comfortable, but especially for travel! I wish I’d had this dress with me in Italy last summer–it’s really cool (the denim is chambray and very lightweight) and it looks perfect with sneakers–which, obviously, are essential for any Europe trip where you’re walking for miles each day!  It’s made by BB Dakota, which is one of my favorite brands. (Shop more BB Dakota here! Everything they make is on sale, including this adorable cropped lace-up sweatshirt I wore on the plane!) which is one of my favorite brands to buy at Shopbop–AND–it also happens to be on sale!  (Alright, I don’t know what’s in the water, but it looks like it’s SALE WEEK everywhere? Did every brand/retailer I shop at secretly meet and be like YEP! SECOND WEEK OF APRIL–PERFECT TIME FOR A SALE!)  20% orders under $500  25% on orders over $500 Enter code EVENT19 at checkout!      My #1 FAVORITE pair of sneakers!! They are so incredibly comfortable and require zero break-in. If you’re planning to be on your feet all day, these are a great (still cute) shoe to wear! Plus, they look so cute with dresses! (See how I wore them with a midi dress here!) Run TTS.  These sneakers come in LOT’s more colors and styles–shop more Tretorn here!   The best ever denim shorts! They’re high waisted and *not too short*–which is so hard to find! They’re made by AGolde–which is a brand I’ve been hearing people rave about for years. I’m so glad I pulled the trigger! Shop more AGolde on sale here! I ordered my normal size!   My newest favorite flat sandals! I wore these pretty much all day and night during our Phoenix trip and they aren’t just adorable–they’re comfortable too! I love that they go with EVERYTHING. Definitely will be a go-to summer shoe! I had never purchased anything from this brand before either, but I also got their woven loafers which were SO. CUTE. But they ran small, so I returned them. I need to order them in a bigger size! Shop more Kaanas shoes here!   I ordered this dress before our trip as well and I could NOT be more in love with it. Yes, I know like every blogger has it but I don’t care because it’s the best dress and I’m going to live in it this summer! It’s also perfect for travel because it’s supposed to look wrinkled anyway–plus it keeps you cool without you worrying about your skirt blowing up in the wind! Runs TTS! Shop more Free People here! (I especially love their dresses!)   You know I never shut up about the Steven Greece Sandals, they’re so cute and comfortable! All of the colors are included in the sale–stock up now, because you’ll want to wear these all summer! Shop more Steven sandals here!   This is a little sneak peak of a blog post to come soon ?But how amazing is this English Factory dress? (Perfect for Easter!!) Runs a *little* snug! Shop more English Factory on sale here!   Did you know that Shopbop carries Madewell? (Yes, that’s Madewell with AMAZON PRIME!) I always recommend snapping up a pair of these white skinnies whenever there’s a Shopbop sale! They are the best white skinny jeans–they are soft, stretchy (but don’t bag out) and not remotely see through! You guys were actually the reason I know about these, so thank you! ?  Speaking of Madewell, I couldn’t forget to share that one of my favorite bags of all time is also included in the sale–the Transport tote! They come in tons of different sizes, colors, and materials. Head over here for a full review of it!  Want more? Make sure to check out their sale picks under $100 section! (I love so many of their dresses right now!)   Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heel Booties, Black Booties Heels, Black Heel Wedges, Orange Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 6, 2016   If you saw this post or have been following me on Instagram, you know my struggles with one-piece bathing suits.  The older I get, the more uncomfortable I feel in a teeny-tiny string bikini in front of say, family, or people I don’t know that well. And of course, on vacation, there is certainly a time and a place for a hot string bikini (although, I never feel too “hot” in them anymore), more situations have been arising where I’m like, “is this really appropriate to be wearing!?” So for the past year or so, I’ve really been on the hunt for a great one-piece, but everything I found was either too revealing, or just plain frumpy. Additionally, when I’d finally bite the bullet to go swimsuit shopping, the sight of my body in a bathing suit underneath the fluorescent lights of a dressing room was enough to send me running for the hills. (“It’s fine, I just won’t take off my cover-up!”) I also didn’t want to waste time and money ordering something online that wouldn’t fit.  Then, that’s the lightbulb went off–Amazon Prime to save the day! Free, super fast shipping, free returns. (Phew!) Okay, now we got over that hurdle. What about the other elephant in the room?  I was never one to drop hundreds on a bathing suit. It’s so small–such little material–how on earth could it possibly be so expensive, right?  Well, actually. My views on that have changed lately. And here’s why.  I grew up in Arizona, where I purchased, on average, probably a minimum of 5 bathing suits each season. (It’s true.) I’m the first to tell you that places like H&M and Target often have the cutest bathing suits around, for the best prices.  However, for whatever reason, I’ve found they always miss the mark on one-pieces. The bargain retailers of my past don’t make one-pieces for late twenty to thirty somethings erring on the side of modesty–so, obviously, don’t be surprised when you feel like a sausage trying to cram yourself into one of their cutout one-pieces. (They just weren’t made for us!)  So, after much trial and error of sausage stuffing my body into cheap swimsuits, I decided to splurge on this one, and see how it went. Guess what?  Best money I’ve ever spent.  Here’s the thing… I don’t think so. A bathing suit, like anything else–nice jeans that make your behind look like a million bucks, anti-aging facial creams designed to preserve your youth, those sunglasses that make you beam like Jacki-O–is worth the extra money if it allows you to see the most beautiful version of yourself.  So, if you’re in the same boat and are searching for that perfect one-piece, I’ve listed a few of my favorites below.  (Hint: They’re all from ShopBop, so not only does their Amazon Prime partnership making shipping + returning a breeze, but these are all currently 25% off with code INTHEFAM!)    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

   Why it works: The bow provides feminine detail, and is great for adding volume if you need it in the bust area. The peek-a-boo cutout shows just the right amount of skin, plus, the v-shape of it pulls the eye downward, and slims the waist!    Why it works: The pattern of the suit is v-shaped until your eye hits the waist, and then shifts straight across. The v-shape (again) draws the eye downward, where the cutoff at your slimmest spot defines your waist and emphasizes that gorgeous hourglass figure.    Why it works: The bustier qualities of this one-piece give you just the right amount of lift, the pattern helps to disguise any flaws, and see how the fabric is cut and sewn with a rectangular piece in the middle? Like the above, that defines your waist!    Why it works: Have you ever met a girl who didn’t look darling in gingham? This pattern gives off a timeless, retro vibe. Plus, the busier the pattern, the easier it is to disguise, say, that tummy bulge that only seems to appear in photos! (UGH.)   Why it works: I really like the idea of those lace-up bathing suits, but they always come off a tad too “dominatrix” for me. I love this one though, because it’s so simple and sweet, you actually do a double take to realize it has a lace-up front. It’s a little tiny detail that really gives a classic, black suit something extra. The neckline is also insanely flattering–a low v, but not too low.    Why it works: You’re catching on by now, right? Busy patterns=camouflage! I love the pretty blue color of the pattern of this suit. Plus, the cutout quality in the front is low enough to strike the perfect amount of modesty and sexy.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Why it works: This is the ultimate mullet bathing suit. Business in the front, party in the back! It’s a flattering v-cut in the front, and the colorful, strappy details of the back keep it from being plain jane.    Why it works: preppy girls, rejoice! This is officially the cutest, preppiest, girliest suit I’ve laid my eyes on. It has a vintage vibe, is modest, but so cute, you can’t help but love it. While the stripes are horizintal, they’re small, so you don’t get that “tree stump” look that you can get with larger, more bold stripes. Plus, the big bow adds a few inches in the bust spot (you know, if you need ’em.)   Why it works: Coverage in all the right places, cutouts in only the most flattering of spots. Feminine scallops. Just the right amount of skin. Makes you look just as tan as a white string bikini–just way more flattering.    Why it works: If you’re someone who thinks one-pieces are boring, think again! This suit deserves its time in the spotlight. Ton’s of bright colors, fun patterns, and a lace-up front that doesn’t scream “50 shades.” The diamond-shaped design also draws your eye in at the waist, emphasizing that ever-coveted hourglass shape.    Why it works: Oh my goodness–the back of this suit!? It might be the most flattering version yet. A low, scooped v in the front, with a jaw-dropping woven strap back. This may or may not be in my shopping cart as we speak…     Image credit: Blog in Voga  (Cass Bird for Porter Magazine)  Filed Under: Style  
Olivia says  April 6, 2016 at 7:44 am One pieces have become my go-to since I got out of college! Like you said, you don’t always want to running around in a bikini around family or people you don’t know. I feel so much more confident and comfortable in one pieces now. Anthropologie is my favorite place to shop for swimsuits. They have such a great range of one pieces that aren’t frumpy looking! Baubles to Bubbles 
Megan says  April 6, 2016 at 8:56 am Love all of these! Last year was the first year I even thought about trying on a one-piece, well I was sold after just trying on one!  Happy Wednesday // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  April 6, 2016 at 2:00 pm I agree with not feeling appropriate in string bikinis, even when I’ve been working out a bunch, it just feels weird. I just got a one piece this year and I’m obsessed! I feel so chic when I wear it! 
Maggie says  April 6, 2016 at 4:23 pm I agree!! I’m in the same boat with all of this. Now one-pieces are just as cute and fashionable as bikinis, if not more! http://www.maggiealamode.com 
Jess says  April 6, 2016 at 10:30 pm I totally agree! I’m so glad they’re back in style  
Maggie says  April 6, 2016 at 5:29 pm I am really interested in purchasing a one-piece soon. I have put it off because I wasn’t sure if it would look too frumpy, but I think I need to take the plunge!
-Maggie   http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Jess says  April 6, 2016 at 10:30 pm SO many of them are frumpy! It really did take me a long time to find the perfect one! The key is ordering from places with Prime though–that made it way easier to try on and avoid awful fluorescent dressing rooms! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Up Dresses, Green Coats, Tan Wedges Heels, Lace Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 26, 2015   Romper: c/o Boohoo.com // Lemon clutch: c/o Boohoo.com // Tassel necklace: c/o Happiness Boutique // Bracelet: c/o Shamelessly Sparkly // Sandals: Old, but I wear this pair with it all the time, too! Ring: c/o Kendra Scott (btw, they just opened a store in Chicago! Have you checked it out yet?)  You guys.  Yesterday was so fun. (AKA when this photoshoot took place.) Kelly got a new camera, (a Canon 5D Mark iii, for those of you camera buffs) and I can’t even tell you how much it’s going to change our lives. (I am SO LUCKY to have a talented BFF to take so many of my photos–thank you Kelly!!) We had so much fun playing around with it (and the shots we got of Noodle–I die. I can’t wait until you see them.) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

These jumping photos, for example–I wish I could post the 25 outtakes that exist but my romper kept flying up so high it exposed my underwear, and that is not something I’d like flying around on the internet, no sir. The random bystanders walking through the neighborhood certainly enjoyed watching our failing attempts at capturing jumping shots.  Anywho, on to this outfit!   Seeing as, despite popular messages in the media–it is STILL SUMMER. It’s not cold yet (Recent update: I’ve realized it’s cold outside today. Fine. But it’s supposed to get back up to 80 this week, so I rest my case) and I’m not willing to let go of my summer wardrobe. One of the stars, in which, is this adorable hot pink romper with pom poms. (Pom pons? That might be the correct word but I like pom poms much better.)  There are plenty of festivals still on the docket in Chicago–Fashion Fest this weekend, and don’t forget North Coast! This would make the perfect festival ensemble. It’s also as soft as pajamas, so you could really wear it to anything. I prefer wearing it to brunch, as my version of Joey’s “Thanksgiving Pants” because it leaves plenty of room for an entire plate of chilaquiles if you know what I mean.  And this lemon purse! (It also comes in lime flavor.) It totally reminds me of Kate Spade, but it’s on sale for $24 (whaaaatttt?!) and you can snag it here. But I’m guessing it will be gone soon, so you should probably hurry and snatch it up before they’re sold out!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I know there are way more photos in this post than normal, but they were all so fun and Kelly’s camera is just so magical, I figured–what the heck? Throw ’em all in there!  Now, I’m off to finish all my work slash go shopping because I leave for Vegas at 5am on Friday morning for my friend Coley’s bachelorette party and I got some MAJOR preparation ta do!    
 
 Shop the post:    Photos by Kelly Larkin Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Natalie @ Natalie Was Here says  August 26, 2015 at 9:34 am That jumping shot is PERF. Also, I really think I need that lemon clutch in my life, stat. And maaaaaybe a Canon 5D Mark iii   xo,
Natalie | Natalie Was Here 
Alyssa Thomas says  August 26, 2015 at 9:46 am This outfit is just so cute! I love the jumping shot!!  Alyssa | Glitter and Grey 
Carly says  August 26, 2015 at 9:58 am LOVE IT!!!! It’s positively frigid here today, so this is bringing back my summer spirit! PS have fun in Vegas you wild child xo
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Kristina Anderson says  August 26, 2015 at 10:00 am That romper is so adorable!!! Kristina does the Internets 
Cat says  August 26, 2015 at 12:43 pm These pictures are amazing! I love every shot. I love reading your blog so much. Your personality really comes out in every post. 
Amelia Vesper says  August 26, 2015 at 3:48 pm Lookin’ good, lady!! Who would have thought that any version of Joey’s Thanksgiving pants could look so flipping cute? 
Brittney says  August 27, 2015 at 9:26 am Adorable! Kelly is a fab photographer for sure! I can never find rompers that fit – i’m so long in all possible dimensions that they just end up giving me a major bum wedgie – super flatttering, duh! Have fun in vegas girl!
xx Brit
http://www.bubblyandbold.ca 
Kelly in the City says  August 29, 2015 at 11:29 pm Haha awwwww omg this is the cutest. LOVE YOU. […] How awesome are these photos Kelly captured of Jess? […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sam Edelman Flats, Long Black Maxi Dresses, Casual White Maxi Dresses, Red Rompers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 11, 2017   Top: Old, but similar here and here (several linked below, too!) // Shoes: Everlane Day Heels – some of the comfiest shoes I own! They also just released them in super pale ballet pink! // Jeans: Rag & Bone Skinny Jeans (also styled here and here) they are my latest denim favorite and run TTS. This pair is only $99 and is similar! I also love this lighter/more distressed pair from Madewell. If you don’t like the raw hem look, these high-waisted dark skinnies from Madewell are similar but with regular hem! // Bike: c/o Raleigh Bikes–it’s the “Superbe” model! // Hat: Hinge // Tote: Madewell Transport Tote  Goooood Morning and bonjour from Montreal! Today I am so excited to share more details about my FAVORITE new thing with you: my new bike! You’ve seen some sneak peaks on Instagram and Insta-stories, but it’s time to spill the beans: I am freakishly obsessed. Luckily, in the neighborhood where I live, riding your bike is cool and very common–so it’s slightly less scary to ride it around Wicker Park than in other neighborhoods where biking is more dangerous–haha! (And yes, of course, I wear a helmet–it just isn’t cute enough to make it into these photos!) You may recall that Neal adorably surprised me with a red beach cruise at Christmas last year which I am still head over heels for. However, I quickly discovered that it was difficult to keep up with the other bikers in the bike lane because my beach cruiser was only a single speed– totally fine on side streets, but in major bike lanes I felt like I was going to get run over at all times, not to mention other bikers were lapping me like granny in the carpool lane. Thus, an upgrade to something with gears was in the imminent future! I had also been wanting something with a basket because I often bike to the grocery store and fun fact: it’s difficult to bike down a busy street with two gigantic IKEA sized bags of groceries over both shoulders. (WIDE LOAD!) Since my new “Superbe” bike from Raleigh Bikes came into the picture–needless to say–I literally look for reasons to ride it. (And no, they aren’t sponsoring this post or paying me for anything, either!) And yes, my favorite is to ride it with a cute French-girl inspired outfit to pretend I’m straight up Parisian. Embarrassing? Probably. Here are more details on the bike if you’re in the market for one, too! (And outfit details below, if you aren’t :-P)  Is it not, without a doubt, the prettiest bike you’ve ever seen? It has the look of a gorgeous cruiser with the functionality of a road bike! The best part about it is that it’s a step-through bike, meaning, the middle bar is lower than usual so you can step right through it without lifting your leg above your waist. This means you can even wear a dress while riding it with no problems! It also features a chain guard so you never have to worry about your pant leg or dress getting caught in the chain. (Remember that from your childhood days?) The bike comes in white, hunter green, black, and pink–which are all inspired by different famous shopping districts in different cities–the white, actually inspired by Chicago’s Magnificent Mile! All are complete with little bells (STOP) and beautiful leather accents.  The bike has 7 speeds, which have come in so handy. The other day I even zipped from Wicker Park to River North in about 13 minutes, which would’ve been unheard of on my one-speed beach cruiser (and something I wouldn’t have been brave enough to attempt!) They have partial and full assembly options that you can check out right here, but Raleigh works with local bike shops in your city, so mine was shipped to On The Route Bikes to be assembled, and the owner, Joanne, even rode it to me and dropped it off at my doorstep! Fun fact: We also figured out that Joanne is the aunt of my high-school friend, Kailee. We actually looked so much alike in high school that our nick name for each other was “twinnie.” Joanne mentioned how much I looked like Kailee to her family in passing, and of course, Kailee was like, “UMMM I KNOW HER!” From Scottsdale AZ to Chicago–what are the odds? One of the cutest features of the bike–the basket actually detaches so you can take it in the store or farmers market with you! I mean, it was just made for holding piles of baguettes.       I think I’m so in love with the classic “French girl” style because, it’s that–classic. The older I get, the more I feel like my style gravitates toward the classics, with feminine touches that truly never go out of style–a pair of perfectly fitting high-waisted jeans that hug you in all the right places, a classic striped tee that goes with everything (seriously, I’ve had this tee for years and wear it year-round–linking similar options below!) and the comfiest little red heels are suitable for any season and any everyday occasion. A straw boater hat (only $30!) is obviously the cherry on top  Shop more favorite wear-everywhere striped tees:         Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney Crawley says  August 11, 2017 at 9:21 am I’m totally jealous of your new bike! It looks GORGEOUS and I love the beautiful basket! I’ve been wanting a bike for forever, but each spring some other expense comes up and I put it off. I was determined this year to get one until I got pregnant. Apparently healthcare professionals don’t recommend riding a bike when you’re pregnant. Maybe next year. Biking isn’t as common for transportation as it is for exercise where I live, but my neighbor and I dream of biking to the nearest store or farmer’s market in the summers with our babies in tow. Someday it will happen! Loving your French inspired look- this entire post is too cute! 
Taylor Cannon says  August 11, 2017 at 9:33 am These photos are darling! I love the outfit and have been wanting a buy just like that, too perfect!
Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Melissa Imbrogno says  August 11, 2017 at 11:35 am I ADORE this bike and this entire outfit!! You could not be more adorable. xo Meli http://www.simplymeli.com 
mystilettolife says  September 7, 2017 at 12:09 pm I love this bike!  I got one in pink and it’s such a joy to ride around town on it!  Although, I hadn’t ridden a bike in awhile, it came back as easily as everyone says! — Tillie
http://mystilettolife.com/2017/07/28/its-like-riding-a-bike-with-raleigh-bikes/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Casual White Maxi Dresses, Straw Bags, Grey Pumps Shoes, Grey Coats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 19, 2016   Image via Atlantic-Pacific If you’re like me, you’re counting down the days until you can regularly wear any type of shoe that doesn’t qualify as a boot. Just one more month (ONE more month!) I keep telling myself.  But the shoe I’m most excited to wear? That would have to be lace-ups! Lace-up flats, heels, and everything in between. I cannot think of a cuter shoe trend! And while lace-ups definitely aren’t a brand new trend, they’re only going to get bigger for spring! You’ll find pairs that lace-up the front, while some go with a more subtle tie around the ankle, but they’re all perfectly feminine and lovely–especially the flats, which, in my opinion, are much more interesting than your standard ballet flats. On the flip side, lace-up heels pack a powerful punch of personality! Here are some of my favorite styles (stock up now, so you’re ready for spring!)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                                                   Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  February 19, 2016 at 9:36 am You know how much I love a lace up & I want all of these! 
Polly says  February 19, 2016 at 12:10 pm I love those blush heels! They are so pretty and feminine! Polly
http://gemsandjoy.com 
Maggie says  February 19, 2016 at 3:36 pm I literally just ordered a pair of lace up gladiator style sandals from Old Navy. I LOVE this trend 
-Maggie  http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Cassandra Eldridge says  February 19, 2016 at 11:32 pm Great. Now I’m screwed. I want ALL of them. More specifically the Make me Blush & Perfect Peep Toes (#sendhelp) 
Mary Kate says  February 21, 2016 at 10:23 am My favorite has to be “perfect peep toe” I love them! Mary Kate
http://www.mynewchicagolife.com 
Kristina Anderson says  February 21, 2016 at 1:12 pm The fringe heels are so adorable!! I wore my lace up flats out on Saturday and got so many compliments. Kristina does the Internets 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  February 21, 2016 at 7:43 pm Gorgeous!! Her Heartland Soul
herheartlandsoul.com 
Payton says  February 23, 2016 at 1:07 pm Love those shoes, they are definitely on trend! But since trends come and go so its not sustainable or smart to spend $$ on items that will be out of style in a few months. Check out StyleLend.com – its a great way to rent your favorite trends from the top designers ( Chanel, McQueen, YSL…) at fast fashion prices! Plus you are helping the earth, nice little bonus! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Bralettes, Cutout Dresses, Blue Cocktail Dresses, Tan Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 3, 2018   Top, Skirt, Shoes, Tote–all c/o Everlane, Similar earrings here  Fridayyyyy! It’s here! We got home from Cincinnati last night and had such a fun trip! It’s such a charming city with so many cute restaurants–we always have so much fun when we visit. We’ve got a fun agenda this weekend–my best friend Michal from San Francisco is in town (remember her from my Cabo Girls Trip?) so we’re doing a big dinner on Friday night, then heading up to the lake on Saturday (because we’re so busy the rest of the month we won’t have another chance to get up there before Labor Day ?). I hope you have some fun weekend plans lined up as well! We snapped these photos on our way to dinner last night and I’ve been loving these Everlane basics ever since I got them! Some of them just came out and some of them have become my wardrobe standbys–but I’m sharing more on them below–I know you’ll love them too! If you’re new here and you DON’T know about Everlane yet (aside from the fact that I wear an Everlane piece in almost every outfit of mine these days ?) they’re a brand I’ve loved since the very beginning–seriously, when they only made like 10 things. They have beautifully simple, high-quality, yet affordable designs, and I admire them for their dedication to partnering with ethical factories with fair wages, reasonable hours, and ideal working environments. They have a whole section of their website where you can learn about all the factories they partner with, and see photos and videos of all of them! I love reading all of their unique stories. Everlane also runs a lot of initiatives to better the lives of those who work in their factories around the world. Last year, instead of running a big holiday sale, they used their profits from Black Friday to build an organic farm for workers in Vietnam who have trouble getting access to fresh vegetables without pesticides. They’re also environmentally conscious–for example–their denim factory in Vietnam recycles 98% of its water! Their prices are cheaper because they sell their items directly to consumers, cutting out the middleman. On their website, you can even see how much each item would cost with the traditional retail markup, vs what Everlane is able to charge for it! It’s really awesome! If you want to start feeling better about how you’re shopping, you definitely want to look into this brand! It takes a lot for me to get passionate about a brand. (What can I say? I’m lazy, and if we’re being honest–I just like cute clothes. I have no interest in “fashion” ?) but Everlane is different, and a brand I’ve ALWAYS been proud and excited to wear and cheer on as they grow! Okay okay– you get it. I’ll stop gushing and tell you about the clothes now ?  Everlane just came out with these tanks and I absolutely LOVE them. (I wish I would’ve had one in every color in Italy!) I think the cut of them is so flattering–I love the thicker straps (straps? Are they considered straps? I guess I’m still living by the “three finger” strap width rule from all my high school dress code infractions) and the V shape in both the back and the front! The great part about it is that it’s cropped and has a bit of a swingy quality to it, which keeps you really cool if you leave it tucked out but also looks just as cute tucked in! Any of these tanks would also look adorable paired with your favorite pair of jeans (I love it with my Everlane kick-crops in white!) and their new V-heels! I think you could also totally make it work for the office if you work in a more casual environment but still need to look polished–just pair it with some cropped trousers and the same heels I’m wearing here–the Day heels–they are so comfortable and come in tons of colors! Sizing: Run TTS. I absolutely LOVE this denim skirt–it’s high-waisted, not too short, and comes in a dark wash and a light wash (the light wash has a raw hem!) I think if you’ve been feeling on the fence about denim skirts–this white denim version is DEFINITELY the way to go. It feels casual and classic without feeling like you went back in time and borrowed it from the 7th grade version of yourself. I brought this skirt to Italy with me and paired it with this adorable tee in “poppy stripe”, their Japanese Go-Weave cami, and wore it to several dinners paired with the Day heels and walked around in it during the day paired with their wrap sandals. Sizing + fit: I think it runs true to size BUT I will say I think it’s tricky to get on if you have hips and a butt–it takes a lot of shimmying–so just a heads up if this happens to you–you can also try putting it on over your head ? I’m a broken record about these shoes I KNOW but honestly–they are probably my #1 most worn pair of shoes no matter what time of year it is. I swear random people recognize me around the neighborhood as “the girl with red shoes.” They achieve what no other shoe has been able to achieve before them–polished heels with the comfort of flats. No matter how much you’re on your feet–you’ll love them. I’ve even walked from downtown to Wicker Park in them before! (That’s almost three miles!!) Sizing: If in doubt, go up 1/2 size. I have never heard so many people rave about a tote as the feedback I got from you guys about this Everlane Market Tote when I asked for your tote bag recommendations for this post! I had been curious about the bag but after that, I knew I had to try it out for myself–it really does live up to the hype. It’s super roomy and I like that the leather is a bit stiffer so it stands up and keeps its shape on its own rather than flopping over. It fits all my essentials–laptop, giant DSLR camera, notebook, and makeup bag–so it’s ideal for both work and travel!      This post is sponsored by Everlane, one of my very favorite clothing brands–I know you’ll love them as much as I do!!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Jeans, Present Ideas, Black Tees, Black Bodysuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 19, 2018   Blazer: c/o Everlane (runs TTS. Comes in navy and green too!) c/o Pants: Everlane Work Pants (here I’m wearing the ankle length but they come in full length as well! They are super stretchy but substantial! I think they’re pretty true to size!) This outfit would also look just as cute if you swapped the work pants for jeans (Their “Cheeky Straight” jeans are my latest fave! Run TTS!)  c/o Ankle boots: Everlane Day Boots – run TTS and come in lot’s of colors! If you are also looking for loafers, I’m in LOVE with their Modern loafers (order 1/2 size up! They run snug!) This outfit would also look super cute with loafers! c/o Silk camisole: Everlane (runs TTS) I also LOVE their silk button downs (also run TTS!) c/o Messenger bag: Everlane Form Bag (the strap is adjustable so it can be a cross-body or a tote!) c/o Happy Monday friends! How was the weekend? I hope you had some time to wind down and relax! It’s been “go go go!” since I got back from Portugal, but fun despite the madness! This weekend Neal’s little brother, Brendan, starred as Young Simba in the Lion King! He was AMAZING and it was so fun getting to watch him on stage–they even got a write-up in the Chicago Tribune!! (Brendan is in TWO photos! ??He’s a celeb!) It was definitely the highlight of the weekend. We’ve ALL been practicing “I just can’t wait to be King” for over a year now so seeing it all pay off was amazing! So proud of him! I hope your weekend was just as much fun  Today’s post, I know, is going to be a hit for my 9-5 girls. I get a LOT of questions about ankle boots–specifically how you can wear them to work and make them look business casual–today, I have your solution ?    My tip: Get the Everlane Day Boot. And it is MAG-I-CAL. Why I’m obsessed with these boots: They are the most comfortable heeled boots you will ever put on your feet. Period, the end. You know my obsession with Everlane’s Day Heels–yep, these are the boot form! (Ahhh no WONDER they’re so comfy!) They are so comfortable, in fact, that I wore them for two days straight in Portugal, walking on cobblestone streets for 12 hours on end–and no problems–like, at all. My feet were not aching at the end of the day, and I never got any blisters. Sizing: They run true to size and come in lot’s of colors, too! Shop more colors of The Day Boot:   
Why they work so well for the office: These boots in particular are much sleeker than a lot of other ankle boots, which can tend to be a bit chunky. Additionally, the combination of the rich color and leather make them easier to dress up than say, a suede boot, which is really always going to feel casual no matter what you pair it with. The way they’re cut also makes them more polished–they’re a bit higher, whereas some ankle boots that are cut lower on the ankle can be chunkier, which, you guessed it–is just harder to dress up. Everlane’s “work pants” in particular do work very well here, because you want a pant that hits above the ankle if the pants aren’t super skinny. Here’s why: If you have a pant with a straighter leg that hits right below where the boot begins–it makes you look like you have giant cankles ? Now, on the flip-side, say you were wearing a skinny pant that was very tight at the ankles–that would be okay if they went all the way down to tuck into your boots, because that gives you a “defined” ankle–if that makes sense. Personally though, I really love the look of a cropped pant with ankle boots! I love the work pants for a couple of reasons–they feel like leggings but look like cute trousers–but they don’t look so much like “work” pants that you wouldn’t want to wear them on the weekend with a cute pair of sneakers. The material is also super substantial and doesn’t wrinkle easily, so if you want to wear them to walk to work with snow boots or rain boots, you can easily do that and they won’t come out of your boots looking like a hot mess. (Ah, the woes of a commuter.) Other pants I love: Their go-weave “easy pants” also look ADORABLE with these boots, and are another pair of Everlane pants that are perfect for the office, but comfortable and cute enough that you’ll want to wear them outside of work, too! Shop favorite Everlane Work Pants:    You can totally wear socks! Just make sure they’re appropriate for the occasion! For example–for work, you’d want to wear a thin, dressier sock, vs with jeans you could definitely getting away with a more casual, chunky sock. If I were to wear socks with this look, for example, I would go with a thinner, charcoal colored sock! Sure, the boots are the unsung hero of this outfit, but what about the blazer, camisole, and bag? ?Let’s talk about those next!  I am ALL for the oversized blazer trend right now, but there’s something so classic about a tailored blazer that I’m always drawn to. I think it’s more flattering on all body types and it can be a lot less daunting to try out a fitted blazer than a more trendy oversized version! This particular blazer comes in navy and this brown/green color but I’m clearly a sucker for houndstooth tweed ?You know I’m always harping on adding a pattern and/or textural element to all outfits, and this definitely serves that purpose! I feel like it gives a little nod to British style as well, which I love! Duh–slinky camisoles aren’t a new staple around this blog–but know what is? Everlane’s clean silk collection!! ??These camis are drop dead gorgeous–made of the softest silk–it’s stunning on its own in warmer temps, and the perfect layering piece for cooler temperatures–from work to going out! All of their silk pieces are made in a Silver LEED certified factory in Nanchong China. Everlane goes above and beyond to find factories to team up with who are better for the environment–and just as importantly, are great places to work! Their Nanchong factory has a gourmet cafeteria and outdoor recreation equipment including everything from cardio machines to a basketball court! Shop all silk camisole colors:    This is my latest Everlane bag (my first was the Market Tote!)–but this one is what I’ve been reaching for most frequently! I love how the strap is widely adjustable–so it can be anything you want it to be–ranging from a shoulder bag to a cross-body. (It’s particularly great for moms who need easy access to what’s in their purse, enough room to fit lot’s of essentials, but a cross-body so they can have their hands free!) It fits a laptop and has a magnetic closure so you’re never fumbling around with the zipper!     This post is sponsored by my favorite brand, Everlane! All opinions are 110% my own! Thank you for supporting the brands that allow me to keep creating the best possible content for YOU–my girls!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristin says  November 19, 2018 at 11:46 am Yay, I was waiting for an ankle boots post! I’ve also cuffed longer pants that I couldn’t tuck in–this works on some pairs of pants way better than others, but is a good alternative if you don’t cropped pants. Thanks, Jess! 
Sara says  January 15, 2019 at 11:44 am Are these roomy in the toes? I have such a hard time finding booties that don’t suffocate my toes. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Lace Cocktail Dresses, Black Heeled Booties, Saddle Bags, Lace Midi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 27, 2017  Happy Wednesday! Guess what I’m doing this afternoon!? Going wedding dress shopping for my bestie Melissa! (She’s the one who asked me to be a bridesmaid with the best Harry Potter card EVER that I talked about in yesterday’s post :-P). Today’s post is short and sweet because I know you’ll want to get browsing! Shopbop, one of my favorite places to shop online, is having one of their biggest sales of the year and it’s a really good time to stock up on some amazing essentials like booties, boots, sweaters, and outerwear! It includes full-priced items as well as sale items, and of course, free Amazon Prime shipping both ways! Essentially, the sale includes almost EVERYTHING on the site. If you spend under $500, your total purchase is 20% off. If you spend over $500, your total purchase is 25% off! Use EOTS17 at checkout.  Click on any of the items on the collage above to shop them! Here are a few notable favorites, though: These cap toe heels/Chanel lookalikes, for one–I have worn mine to death and they make everything so chic. The Sam Edelman Chelsea booties–these are the most comfortable booties. I only own one pair, but Kelly owns like five different colors. She is also the biggest baby I know when it comes to comfy shoes, so you know if she owns five pairs, they’re the best you can find. Sorels–I wouldn’t be able to get through winter without these. ALL Sorels are on sale. They have tons of pairs! All Stuart Weitzman shoes: Holy crap, I know I said this last week during the Bloomingdales sale, but the Lowland OTK boots really do rarely go on sale! (I think it must just be an early fall thing?) They’re probably my #1 favorite thing I own in my entire closet and yes, they are worth every penny. AND yes, you can save like $200 by buying them now! This wrap coat is absolutely BEAUTIFUL and it comes in both black and white. If you’ve been looking to upgrade your wool coat, I think this would be a really great option, and the price is just too good! There are a lot of leather, faux leather, and suede jackets on sale. Notably, I love this drape-front version, which comes in so many colors! I’ve seen this military jacket everywhere lately, for good reason! It’s so versatile and great for both fall and spring. If you’ve been looking for a classic trench, this one is absolutely lovely! You know the ruffle sleeve sweaters you saw EVERYWHERE last winter? They’re back! So many are part of the sale, but I especially love this Endless Rose ruffle sleeve cableknit version. I can’t get enough of the mustard/marigold hue that I’ve been seeing everywhere, which is why this sweater caught my eye. Plus, it looks so cozy! I love the tri-tone hue of this sweater with the striped sleeves and color blocking! It’s a nice mix-up from the average black and white striped number. Off the shoulder sweaters are having a moment, and I am ALL about it. This chunky knit one looks perfect for both a night in and a night out in the coming months. The Jbrand Maria jeans are on sale again! (I know, I’m a broken record). They really are one of the most flattering pairs of jeans you can buy. (I mean, five star reviews across the board. How often does that happen? They run a bit snug, so if you’re in doubt, size up.) Faux leather leggings: These are an absolute workhorse in my wardrobe in the fall and winter. Shaheen just got this pair and cant stop raving! They also have a control top which comes in REAL handy during the holidays. There are several pairs of my favorite Levi jeans on sale as well! I also got a pair of suede leggings last year and they are insanely comfy. This pair is so cute and comes in two colors! All Madewell bags are on sale. They make such quality leather handbags–the transport tote, as you know, is one of my lifelines. It comes in lot’s of colors and I also love the smaller cross-body version. Speaking of Madewell–these earrings are the CUTEST and are also on sale! Hanky Panky everything. These are my absolute favorite undies, usually they are so expensive but you can get them for just $20 each. I prefer the g-string thongs with the thinner band but they have regular on sale too! I also have some of their bralettes and love them as well.  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Lauren Ashley says  September 27, 2017 at 12:57 pm Love your roundup! This sale gets me every single time. 
Helen Heinig says  September 27, 2017 at 10:31 pm I love a good deal when I see one, especially on fall sweaters. Thanks for the tips! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Brown Flats, Bralettes, Sundresses, Sleeveless Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 28, 2017   Happy Friday! What are you up to this weekend? Any fun plans? If you’re local here in Chicago, Blair, Kelly, Danielle and I are hosting a fun event with Henry’s Hard Sparkling at Mahalo! The first portion will be a yoga class, which booked up like hot cakes, but you’re more than welcome to stop in at 11:30 for some free drinks! See the event page here for more details!

 In other news, Ann Taylor is having an amazzzingggg sale right now. If you buy 1 item, you get 20% off, 2 items are 30% off, and 3 items are 40% off! Use code MORESTYLE at checkout. If you haven’t shopped at Ann Taylor in awhile, definitely pop on by their website–they have so much cute stuff right now!  The cutest little tank! This will look cute with jean shorts, your favorite jeans, and even to the office with a pencil skirt or skinny slacks! Slides, mules. Whatever you call them, I want a pair. These come in tons of colors but I’m reallyyy digging the champagne. What do you think? I love the mango color of this dress, and the tie around the waist makes it look super flattering on so many different body types! A fun twist on a classic white blouse! AT has so many cute silk scarves right now! I mean, we don’t need to re-visit my obsession, do we? I love the platform on these lace-up espadrilles! So cute! Another great summer LBD! (This would be great for a bachelorette party, too–don’t you think?) Oh, gingham. I’m so glad you’re back this year. You seriously couldn’t be a cuter print if you tried. I can never get enough bows on the toes. AND they wrap around the ankle!? Whaaaattt? These come in lot’s of colors, too! YELLOW! I know. OMG. I have a problem. Why so much yellow all of a sudden? I don’t know, but this cold-shoulder top couldn’t be cheerier. I’ve been eyeing this jumpsuit FOREVER. I saw someone wearing it in person the other weekend and it’s even more beautiful in person! Comfy leather heels are always a necessity during warmer months, and I think the criss-cross straps make this pair so fun and different! The versatility of a throw-on-and-go shift dress cannot be overstated enough! I love the bright poppy color of this one especially! I can’t seem to get enough ruffled blue dresses lately, and this one is the perfect length to go from work to drinks! I’ve been wanting a straw neutral clutch like this one! How cute is the tassel on the zipper? It’s a great going-out bag for summer! I love how feminine this bright sunny midi dress is, and the criss-cross halter straps are so pretty and different! How pretty are these blush heels?! I love the ankle strap and the criss-cross feature! I’ve been wanting a pair of olive jeans forever now! These look like the perfect fit, and are a nice way to mix-up your regular denim! I have a pair just like these (above!) but I like this darker navy even better. Slides are the perfect easy summer heels! I can’t get over the pretty blue hue of this cold shoulder dress! It’s such a feminine shape and will be the perfect versatile staple. Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Caitlin says  April 28, 2017 at 9:29 am Ann Taylor is one of my go-tos for workwear. I love that top tank and the clutch! I have an upcoming weekend away with work so I need some dresses – these are all so cute! Caitlin | http://sunnystyleblog.com/ 
Devon says  April 28, 2017 at 10:48 am Oh my gosh all these picks are so amazing! Obsessed with that yellow bow dress!! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pump Shoes, Stuart Weitzman Pumps, Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes, Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 21, 2015   Remember a few weeks ago when I posted this Instagram and told you something cool was coming?  Well, it happened to be this. That one time I hung out with designer, Todd Snyder and Target and snapped photos at all our favorite places around Chicago.  Add that to my list of things I NEVER thought I’d say.  So, why was I running around town on a Monday with Todd Snyder and Target?  Well, they just launched a line together called “Local Pride.” It’s a collection of vintage-inspired, city-specific tees and other merchandise that celebrates the local pride and flavor in each city. And Chicago just happened to be the second city on their list. (And as I’m typing this, I just now realized that having Chicago as the second city in their launch was a genius marketing strategy or a completely amazing coincidence.) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Below is just a little sneak peak! To see the full list of places we headed, as well as the background of Todd’s inspiration for the line, head over to Target’s blog, The Bullseye View, to get the whole shebang            



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Be sure to head over to the nearest Chicago Target to pick up your favorite tees! (And if you’re a Chicago lover, but don’t live in the Windy City, don’t worry–the collection is now available online!  Shop my favorite Local Pride Chicago tees:    Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style  
Sarah @ Windy City Wanderlust says  October 21, 2015 at 8:08 am Yay! I’m so glad it’s finally available online! I saw these in Target the other day, but they looked pretty picked over and all that was left were odd sizes. #Midwestisbest! 
Jess says  October 21, 2015 at 10:03 am Yes! Sometimes I like shopping Target online better because then I’m less likely to buy EVERYTHING in the store. (Although, only slightly less likely!) 
Carly says  October 21, 2015 at 8:21 am omg these pictures are so precious. SO PROUD OF YOU!!! 
Jess says  October 21, 2015 at 10:02 am Thanks love!!  
Alias ThePoster says  October 21, 2015 at 12:31 pm And this is why you are my favorite blogger in Chicago 
Jess says  October 21, 2015 at 11:08 pm OMG! What a compliment!! Thank you so much!  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  October 21, 2015 at 6:24 pm They need to come to Omaha!! What a cool experience, and collection idea! Her Heartland Soul
http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Jess says  October 21, 2015 at 11:08 pm They just might! They’re hitting a ton of cities in the next year or so, maybe Omaha is one of them! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Colored Denim Jeans, Black Off Shoulder Dresses, Triangle Bikinis Tops, Saddle Bags and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 11, 2014   Tshirt: TSJG (c/o), Shorts: Forever21, Sunnies: Cole Haan (old), Tennies: H&M (similar)   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Hey gang! (and I mean that in a Scooby Doo sort of way) Sorry I’ve been a little MIA this week (I typically don’t smush two posts in at the end of the week and call it a day). But I promise, it’s because there has been a LOT going on behind the scenes that I can’t wait to share with you! I hope you’ve had a fabulous week so far.  In today’s post, we’re getting graphic. And by that, I mean I’d like to take a second to talk about this adorable graphic tee from T Shirt & Jeans Girl (c/o). This has become my weekend uniform lately. The shirt is so cute on it’s own, it doesn’t need much, other than a nice pair of jorts (like my favs here from Forever 21) and some slip-on tennies. I love how it effortlessly falls a little off the shoulders, and most importantly, it’s ridiculously comfortable. It’s the perfect outfit for a Saturday-morning-no-makeup-messy-hair-coffee-stroll: Feels like sweats, but is actually socially acceptable to be wearing in public. This weekend, though, I will be swapping the standard go-to outfit you see above for a cocktail dress and heels — celebrating two of my very good friends, Gianna & Joe. They’re tying the knot! And I could not be more excited.  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Lindsay Humes says  July 11, 2014 at 3:38 pm That t-shirt is awesome! I love printed t-shirts, but I’m starting to prefer ones that aren’t from major retailers. I need to check out T Shirt & Jeans Girl! 
Lindsay Humes says  July 11, 2014 at 3:38 pm That t-shirt is awesome! I love printed t-shirts, but I’m starting to prefer ones that aren’t from major retailers. I need to check out T Shirt & Jeans Girl! 
jess keys says  July 11, 2014 at 3:47 pm Thanks Lindsay! Totally agreed, I think the smaller brands are way better  Have a great weekend! 
Jess Zimlich says  July 11, 2014 at 4:04 pm I’m hoping to win big at the casino for my birthday this weekend! Monday marks one year of blogging so I’ll be celebrating that as well! Can’t wait to hear what’s been going on behind the scenes  
jess keys says  July 11, 2014 at 4:11 pm OMG it was my birthday this week too! We’re birthday twins! Congrats lady, what an amazing first year you’ve had! I know there are big things ahead for you in the year to come  Fingers crossed you hit the jackpot at the casino! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And White Dresses, Denim Tops, One Pieces Swimwear, Wedge Black Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 10, 2017   Mothers Day, like all other holidays, tends to sneak up on us, you know? It seems like Mothers Day is one of those holidays that everyone celebrates differently. Some do big gifts, some focus on experiences, maybe a day at the spa, or just a nice card! Personally, my mom is one of the most practical people I’ve ever met. I know she appreciates flowers, but those die after a few days! This year, I got her something a little more practical that will last for years! (No, I didn’t include it in this round-up! I couldn’t spoil her surprise!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

If you’re still looking for something nice for Mother’s Day, here are 10 gifts you can order online today, and still get to mom on time! This cheery scarf is the perfect extra layer for mom to keep on hand! From the airplane to the beach, it will always come in handy! This pretty bracelet is actually a smart bracelet that will alert mom when certain people are calling or texting, even when her phone is in her purse. Plus, it tracks her steps, too! This hat will come in handy for the pool, beach, summer walks, or any vacation. It’s packable, too, so she can always bring it with her! These pretty dainty necklaces can be worn as a sentimental set, or you can wear one, and give her the other, for a sweet mother-daughter gift. Madewell makes the BEST purses that don’t break the bank. The leather is high-quality, and this one is roomy enough to hold all of her essentials! The Kindle Fire is always a crowd-pleaser. It’s more user-friendly and smaller than an iPad, and she can use it to both surf the internet without having to haul out her chunky laptop, and read books, too! L’Occitane (pronounced lox-ee-tahn) has the most luxurious hand cream! If your mom is anything like mine, her hands are always dry. I love this formula and makes skin so silky. A great Mothers Day gift is always something mom wouldn’t ever buy herself. So if she’s not the type to splurge on fancy pajamas–these will be right up her alley. Eberjay makes the most comfortable pajamas on Earth! (They also have a shorts version, if your mom is always hot!) My favorite carry-on suitcase is also mom approved! I swear I get a new email or text every day saying “My mom bought this suitcase and wanted to say thank you!” Seriously, it’s the best. If your mom travels quite a bit and hates lugging a heavy suitcase around–she will LOVE this. It also comes in brown! (And don’t worry, it easily wipes clean!) Diptyque candles are the most luxurious splurge–which is why they make the best Mom’s day gifts! She’ll love lighting this at the end of a long day–plus, it’ll always remind her of you! Filed Under: Shop  
Rachel Spross says  May 10, 2017 at 8:08 am Loving these picks! I’m still undecided on what to get my mom. Thanks for the inspo! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Jessi Afshin says  May 10, 2017 at 8:15 am Great gift ideas! Love all of your picks and I’m sure my mom would too! -Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Angela Cruz says  May 10, 2017 at 9:29 am I gotta say that the bracelet is the cutest thing! If my mom didn’t already have an Apple Watch I would totally get her this. But the hat is an option…  
Devon says  May 10, 2017 at 11:02 am That Madewell bag is SO cute!! My mom would love that! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  May 10, 2017 at 4:34 pm OMG this picture of baby Jess! Haha, so cute  
Alexis Zotos says  May 10, 2017 at 8:30 pm I really want this suitcase – but two questions – so you don’t find it gets scuffed up because its white? And how do you feel about having a hard shelled carry on? I always have gone for soft for carrying on, hard for checking! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Wedge Sandals, Black Heels, Black Booties Heels, Black Lace Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 6, 2018   Silk and lace camisole: old (I know, it was a really sad day when this went out of stock. Luckily, there are lot’s of other similar versions out there!) I also love LOFT and Sezane’s lace trim camisoles as well as Abercrombie’s! If you prefer classic silk without the lace, Everlane makes a really pretty version.  Also, Cami NYC–more of a splurge but their tops are beautttifull. Shop more CamiNYC here! Jeans: J.Brand Maria high-waisted jeans in “Bluebird” wash. Come in lot’s of other colors too–J.Brand is one of my favorite jean brands–you can shop all their styles here! They are seriously the most flattering jeans I own and I’ve had them for years. (Abercrombie makes a good dupe that I wear a ton, too if you aren’t in the position to splurge on J.Brands!) Pumps: Sam Edelman. (Mine you see here are super old and sling-backs but they’re basically the same style! They also make these slingbacks with a lower heel if you prefer that! SE makes some of my favorite shoes–they have so many cute classic pumps, too. Shopbop has a HUGE selection, which you can shop here! Leopard Clutch: B.P. at Nordstrom (only $45!) Camel coat: Ann Taylor (similar here!) Weirdly I cannot find any fully-stocked similar camel coats right now! Gah! Sorry guys.) Happy Tuesday, guys! It’s been a pretty good week so far over here. Tomorrow I’m excited (and slightly nervous) because I’m speaking at “Ask the Expert” day at my sister-in-law Maura’s high school! (She’s a teacher, not a student, haha!) I’ll be speaking to three different classes about what it’s like to have a career as a blogger! Wish me luck! Anyyyyway. Piggybacking off of my three date night outfits I shared last week, there’s one more that I’ve been meaning to share with you for awhile now–and it’s made getting dressed to go out so. much. easier.  Honestly, it’s all about the lace camisole. Since I got my first one, I’ve barely worn anything else out since! The combinations you can wear with it make for so many easy and feminine going out outfits. Neal and I try to do date nights as much as we can–since he travels so much for work, the weekends are really our only opportunities to spend time together, so we like to make it count–so, you can say, I’ve had a lot of experience in this category. What I’ve discovered is this: your late twenties/early thirties are a really weird time to get dressed to go out. You aren’t super young anymore, but you aren’t old either. You’re trying to strike a balance between sexy but not too sexy. You don’t want to dress like a grandma but you don’t want to be mistaken for a lady of the night either. What’s a 29 year old to do when it comes to putting together going out outfits?? Today, I am sharing the answer! It’s my going-out uniform! And it’s simple, really. My formula is this: 1 slip camisole + skinny jeans + sleek pumps = the perfect sexy (but not too sexy) going out ensemble that works for everything from a romantic date night to a girls trip to Vegas. This really is one of the best things I’ve ever owned. It’s one of the few wardrobe staples that you really can wear year-round. The one I’m wearing here is *sigh* old, but there are so many similar ones I know you’ll find one you love equally as much. There are a ton of them available at all different price points–from real silk to faux silk, lace-adorned or not. They’re not just great for date night, either–they’re also amazing layering pieces under a chunky cardigan, a slouchy-shouldered sweater, or even under a blazer. In the winter, I just throw my coat on over it. (It’s always warm inside wherever you’re going!) A leather jacket works great, too! I’m not going spend a ton of time on these, because you probably think I’m a broken record already. If you don’t yet own high-waisted jeans, you need to jump on the bandwagon! They are the most flattering jeans around because they suck in your tummy, define your waist, and add about 6 extra inches to your legs! (They’re one of my tips in my “How to make your legs look longer” post!) My most flattering pair of jeans are theJ.Brand Maria jeans  in “Bluebird” wash–they’re a super dark, almost black blue hue. The darker your jeans, the more flattering they are! Abercrombie’s high-waisted skinny jeans are also a really great pair that I wear a ton! (And they’re so budget-friendly, too!) I’ve had these pumps for YEARS. Honestly, I think I bought them four years ago and I’ve worn them for everything from work to weddings to date nights and everything in between. (Note: Mine are an older version that are slingback, but they’re essentially the same!) Classic black pumps never go out of style, and Sam Edelman makes my favorite shoes. They’re really comfortable and will last you a really long time! The pointed toes also help to elongate your legs, which, you know, is always a big plus ?      Photos by Hannah Schweiss Photography  SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Taylor Cannon says  February 6, 2018 at 7:24 am Love this look! So simple and chic! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Olga K says  February 6, 2018 at 7:56 am I agree, silk camis are so versatile! Good luck speaking at the high school tomorrow, I’m sure you’ll do great!
Olga
http://www.littlethingsolga.com 
Monica says  February 6, 2018 at 2:58 pm Super cute outfit Jess! I’m a huge fan of the monochromatic look but I love that you added a classic camel coat to your look. – Monica
http://www.onandoffduty.com 
Ellie says  February 6, 2018 at 3:37 pm Very pretty. However, my issue with any type of cami is that you have to wear it with a strapless bra.  Any outfits you can publish that look good with a supportive bra for us DD+ girls? The strapless bra + slinky top material = good lord, why are her boobs rocketing toward the ground. 
Elina says  February 13, 2018 at 7:45 am You’ve inspired me! Got back from a shopping blitz last night with the lace cami from Abercrombie, along with their high-waisted ankle jeans in a dark wash. Snagged a chunky (and comfy!) gray cardigan to match…now for the shoes…Need to find a pair on a budget! I’ll share pics when it’s all complete  Thanks! 
Caitlin says  February 13, 2018 at 9:44 am I just got this tank in the mail!! I love it so much! http://Www.themilestraveled.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold Lariat Necklaces, Knit Dresses, Mules, Blue Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 28, 2015   Cape Dress: BB Dakota c/o Zappos (also love this version if you can splurge, or this version, which is priced in the middle!) // Zipper Clutch (under $100!): Rebecca Minkoff c/o Zappos (also comes in a dreamy blush color!) // Shoes: Vince Camuto c/o Zappos (sold out, but love this t-strap sandals version (budget friendly!) this splurge version,  these nude tassel sandals (under $200) and these lace-up nude pumps are amazing!) // Lipstick: Clinique Pop Lip Color & Primer in one, in Cherry Pop // Earrings: Kendra Scott // Bracelet: Kendra Scott  Do you know what you’re wearing for New Years Eve yet? I do! I was so excited when I found this budget-friendly cape dress on Zappos.com a couple weeks back! I had been eyeing this Trina Turk version for awhile now and had been holding out for a budget-friendly replica, and of course, Zappos had one! (There’s also a moderately priced Adrianna Papell version for $160, which also comes in plus size!)  Cape dresses are one of my absolute favorite new trends. They’re so incredibly simple, but ridiculously chic. I’m all about anything that makes me feel timeless and glamorous, especially if I can snag it for a great deal! I know I’ll be wearing this black version for years to come.  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

And for the accessories–I often opt for nude heels (this pair is especially a steal!), as this elongates legs and is especially flattering when paired with a short dress–they give the illusion of legs for days! I also snagged this Rebecca Minkoff clutch (under $100!) from Zappos. I love the envelope shape, and the zipper gives just a hint of edge that really spices up the overall look. I got all of these items off of “The Style Room” section of Zappos.com, which is basically a one-stop online boutique for the latest contemporary and classic brands–and it has lot’s of great NYE outfit choices!  The best part about Zappos is that they have insanely fast and free shipping (and free returns!), so you still have time to get the perfect NYE outfit in time to ring in 2016   To finish off my NYE outfit, I always add red lipstick (obviously), and a spritz of my favorite perfume: Stella by Stella McCartney. I never feel truly ready to go until I’m wearing perfume. I’ve worn it for years, and I love the memories it brings back every time I smell it! (It reminds me of when Neal and I first started dating.)  And finally, New Years Eve plans! I’m kind of an old lady at heart (which is apparently rubbing off on Neal) so we’ve made a tradition of going out to a late, fun, nice dinner with just the two of us each year. We can never seem to get out the door on time, so a 10pm reservation at Mott Street is the perfect way to enjoy each other’s company and ring in 2016. (Side note, if you’ve been there, I would love recommendations on what to order!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

You can also click to shop all of my favorites in the collage below!      Shop this post:    This post is sponsored by one of my favorite brands, Zappos.com, a retailer I shop at frequently! As always, opinions are 100% my own. Thank you so much for supporting the brands that help support GG!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Sarah says  December 31, 2015 at 1:12 pm How ’bout those coupes though? Where are they from? What fun glassware! 
Jess says  December 31, 2015 at 1:13 pm Hi Sarah! They’re vintage  Neal and I picked them up at a vintage store in Milwaukee! I love them and have been on the hunt for more replicas ever since  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Slides, Trendy Tops, Black Bodysuits, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 17, 2012     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Happy Monday!(?) if there is such a thing. I thought this was a fitting post for a Monday morning, when enthusiasm seems to be at it’s lowest. Now, pour yourself an extra cup of coffee (go ahead- you can splurge on the half & half) and be sure to slather on plenty of hot red lipstick to ward off all evils. Monday won’t be so bad after all.  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Saddle Bags, Gold Flats, Black Pumps Heels, Turtlenecks On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 27, 2017   Coat: Black Quilted Barbour Beadnell (runs pretty TTS, I’m wearing a 2 because I like my jackets fitted but would have done a 4 if I wanted it looser to be more comfy with a lot of layers.) Velvet leggings: Spanx (on sale!! Come in more colors and run TTS. They’re my favorite leggings EVER–I’m actually wearing them now, haha!), Sweater: J.Crew (true to size, but runs a little cropped, so if you’re in-between, maybe size up!) Boots: Hunter–quite a few styles are marked down at Nordstrom through today and my cableknit Hunter socks are 25% off! Scarf: Barbour (20% off at Tuckernuck for the rest of today! UPDATE: FYI Tuckernuck seems to be having issues with their site again, so give it a few minutes or so and check back again later if you’re getting an error!) Happy CYBER MONDAY! WHEW. I’m kind of excited for this marathon of an online shopping spree to come to an end, but also sad at the same time. Can’t everything always be like 50% off!? We had the nicest holiday long weekend, with a few days spent up at the lake, a fun visit with my mom in town, and a very productive weekend cleaning and organizing the house! And, of course, some shopping–duh. We shot these photos when we took a walk at sunset and it was so beautiful. Have you bought anything good yet for Cyber Week? I have! I’m continuing to update this post as we speak, but for the sake of time (and so you can maximize your deals!) I wanted to share what I’ve purchased and the handful of what I believe to be the best deals for Cyber Monday. I know, I know, I said I would just be updating my Cyber Week sale guide post (which you can still see right here! Lot’s of gift ideas in there too and a list of everything I own on sale!) but honestly, I just got so overwhelmed it felt better to have a clean slate, haha! Like my last post, you can shop this post several different ways: 1. First, if you’re curious, you can see what I personally bought for Cyber Monday 2. You can scroll down to see my list of favorite sales 3. You can shop by photo–I’ve included photos of my favorite items (that I own personally) on sale so you can see better what they look like in person/how I styled them! 4. You can shop by gift guide/gift ideas–I’m continuously adding to this based off your feedback, so if you have specific gift ideas you’d like to see, just ask! So, let’s jump in, yeah?!  THE 10% DISCOUNT IS BACK!! Get 50% off like ALL of J.Crew.com!! Here’s what I bought today: Black striped tissue turtleneck: $17 YES, I KNOW. I own SO MANY of these, and I even own a striped one, but I don’t own the INVERSE stripe one. Hehe. If you don’t own one of these already, there is no excuse not to buy one or several, because they’re currently 50% off which puts them at $17. Nordstrom also carries them and price matches J.Crew’s 40% off (but not the extra 10% so only buy them here after 12pm EST when the extra J.Crew discount expires.) Black lace top with pleats: $52 If you’re like me and are trying to add to your “pretty tops that my husband won’t think look like grandma clothes” collection, you’ll definitely want to snatch up this top. It’s feminine and sexy without being over the top, and will be perfect for parties, dinner dates, and more! You can totally wear it for work with a cami underneath, too! Velvet ruffle camisole: $36 You know I love a good camisole (and my favorite one sold out! I’m SO SAD!) but this velvet version is just as good and I love the bright red color! So festive! Tartan Scarf: $26  I’m obsessed with the white tartan pattern and have been looking for a scarf like this everywhere! I’m so glad this was on sale. They have two other beautiful tartan patterns too! Tartan Hair Bow: $8  Sorry but, how could I not!? This will be SO cute with a party dress or a sweater and jeans! It’s also a great way to make your ponytail look like you purposefully planned it, rather than were just running late and didn’t have time to do your hair, haha! Pom Pom Beanie: $19.75: This beanie is SO darn cute and comes in lot’s of colors, but I opted for the festive red with the faux fur pom! Classic Camel Blazer: I’ve been eying this blazer for such a long time and was waiting for it to go on sale! I was so excited to finally snatch it up! Nordstrom has marked down some new items and added an additional 20% off others! (Meaning a lot of items are discounted by more than half!) Here’s what I picked up at my #1 favorite retailer: Leith Shawl Collar Cardigan: $37 (52% off!) I’m so excited about this cozy cardigan–a few of my friends have it and can’t say enough good things. I got it in the prettiest burgundy wine hue that will be perfect for winter. Reviews say it runs big, so size down. B.P. Plaid Scarf $12.86: I can never resist a great plaid scarf, and the price on this one was just too good!! Off the shoulder tunic sweater: $42 I’m so excited about this sweater–it’s so pretty and comes in several great colors! I went with the burnt orange hue that is my latest favorite for winter! Velvet leggings: $78 I already own these but they JUST went on sale for 20% off (hooray!!) and I purchased another pair as a gift for somebody–lucky themmmm  I have been loving so much of Ann Taylor’s selection lately. Right now everything on the site is half off, so if you’ve been eyeing something, grab it now before it sells out! I picked up two things from AT this morning: Leopard Velvet Bow Heels: $69  I’ve had my eye on these since the second they came out, and I hope they don’t disappoint! They are SO cute and the heel is low, so you can wear them everywhere–with jeans during the day, with a pencil skirt for work, or with your favorite party dress for a holiday party! Grey bow sleeve sweater: $44 Another sweater from AT I’d been eyeing for awhile. I’m so glad I finally pulled the trigger! I almost forgot, I also ordered two pairs of Levi’s! They’re offering 40% off site-wide. My favorite pairs are the 721 jeans (I own two pair already) but I have been wanting the “rough day” wash for awhile, so I ordered those (apparently they run smaller than most pairs, so I sized up!) and I also got the 501 Skinny Jeans in “Supercharger” so I’m excited to try those out as well! If you’re looking for guys jeans, Neal pretty much wears Levis exclusively-he has both the 511 and 512–the latter is skinnier in the legs! A note on fit: He has a small waist and pretty muscular thighs in comparison to his waist size, so he has trouble with most skinnier cut jeans out there, but the 512’s are perfect! Both pairs run TTS in his experience. Baublebar: 35% off everything. Use code CYBER35!  J.Crew Factory: 60% off everything! Use code CYBER Tuckernuck: 20% off everything, 25% off orders of $500, 30% off orders of $1000. Use code GONUTS LOFT: 50% off everything + Free Shipping. Use code CLICK T3 (My curling wand!) 25% off with code MONDAY17 I have the “whirl” curling iron. It comes in a set but you can buy them separately as well! I most often use the 1″ straight barrel which you can buy individually with the base!  I got Kelly hooked on it too! She says nothing has ever curled her hair so well (she has fine hair and it NEVER stays curled) and it holds better than any other curling iron! I also have their featherweight hair dryer that I absolutely love. It weighs practically nothing and dries your hair so fast! Outdoor Voices: Up to 50% off sale styles for women and men  This scarf, admittedly, is Neals–haha! I just purchased it recently but I steal it ALL THE TIME. It’s seriously the best scarf–(comes in two colors too!) it’s a blanket scarf but it isn’t bulk like most of them, and you can wear it as a regular scarf or a wrap! (It’s really cute if you belt it, too!) Obviously, it also happens to be Neal’s favorite scarf as well, so if you’re looking for a great gift for guys OR girls, this would be a great bet. It’s 20% off right now at Tuckernuck! Tuckernuck is one of my favorite places to find cute scarves, too–they have a great selection of Barbour in particular. UPDATE: FYI Tuckernuck seems to be having some issues with their site again, so give it a few minutes or so and check back again later if you’re getting an error!  Quite a few pairs of Hunters are on sale right now at Nordstrom, including the Packable Original Tours! (FULLY stocked, too!!) The packable pair is thinner than the originals, so you can lay them flat or roll them and pack them more easily!) I have the Original Tour boots, but I really love the refined rain boot too. (I kind of wish those had existed when I purchased mine a long time ago! They’re a bit more slim and the bottoms are sleeker than the regular wellies!) I just recently bought my first pair of Hunter boot socks and I don’t know what I was doing before. I love them so much, I have the cableknit version you can see here, but so many of the liners are marked down at Nordstrom, ranging from $29-$37! These make excellent gifts as well.   My all-time favorite leggings (I’m wearing them as we speak, they feel like pajamas!) I also wore them to dinner last night. I love that you can dress them up or dress them down–I wear them with pretty much anything you’d wear normal leggings with, but they’re more versatile because they can easily be paired with heels to be fancy, too! They come in two more colors–a really pretty super dark navy, and a charcoal!     Spanx Faux Leather Leggings: Everyone’s favorite faux leather leggings just got marked down as well! If you’ve been looking for a pair, definitely hop on these before they sell out! Sorel Tofino boots are now 25% off! These are must-haves for anyone living in a snowy climate, and Sorels are always a very in-demand item on everyone’s wish list! I rarely see this version marked down. Oribe Cult Classics Gift Set: A $72 value for $55–this travel set includes ALL my favorite haircare products. (They’re SOOOO good.) Gold Initial Necklace: This one is identical to mine and is only $40 right now! Also comes in rose gold. Ray Ban Sunnies are still 20% off!! This is both my favorite brand AND Neal’s favorite brand! They would make the perfect gift for your sister–I purchased this pair this weekend, and my mirrored folding rose gold sunnies are always the BIGGEST hit, and they’re 20% off! My favorite all-purpose tote bag: This tote makes the BEST gift for a very special person in your life and is 25% off. I’ve never met anyone who owned this bag and told me it WASN’T their favorite bag that they owned. Cashmere wrap/topper: 20% off right now at Tuckernuck! This would be a HIT for any mom! Plus, it’s really versatile because you can wear it as a wrap with a cocktail dress OR wear it casually around a button down and jeans! Comes in several colors. Best boots for mom: Blondo is a really awesome boot brand, especially for moms (my mom is like the most practical person ever–shoes have to be comfortable and durable through rain and snow) They have several pairs on sale now and since almost all their shoes are super comfy AND waterproof, it’s a win-win. These riding boots in particular caught my mom’s eye–they’ve got a stretchy panel in them so they really fit your calf well (plus, waterproof). She really loved this pair of ankle booties, too! (Also waterproof!) Baublebar has the CUTEST little gift sets with adorable earrings and they’re all 35% off. I love this one especially with one pair of black and one pair of gold statement earrings. They also have a ton of jewelry you can personalize, which would make for really cute gifts! (What if you got one for you, your sister(s) and mom? So special!) This cashmere crewneck sweater is the best wardrobe staple (and so soft) and is something your mom or sister can get a ton of wear out of! (Plus, they don’t have to know it only cost you $58!!) ? Eberjay PJ’s always make the BEST gifts and they are the most luxurious, soft pajamas you’ll ever find! All Eberjay is part of the Shopbop sale! I’ve never met a woman who didn’t love a great faux fur throw–this one is on sale for $39 and would make an especially great gift for a sister or friend who just graduated or moved into their own place! This $29 candle making kit would please any crafty, DIY-loving mom! For beauty junkies, the infamous GlowPro microneedling tool is now 20% off! Also, the Beachwaver rotating curling iron is also marked down! (It’s the curling iron I used to have and LOVED before it blew up when I was in London. RIP.) I have the “whirl” curling iron now, which is also marked down! It comes in a set but you can also buy them separately as well if you only want one barrel! I most often use the 1″ straight barrel which you can buy individually with the base! There are a lot of awesome beauty gift sets that are marked down at Nordstrom, so definitely peruse that if you’re buying for any beauty lovers! This long cashmere drape cardigan has Mom’s name written all over it! Personalized wallet bottle opener: The coolest bottle opener because it’s the size and thickness of a credit card, so it fits in his wallet! You can engrave this with his initials and give it to him alongside a couple six packs of his favorite beer. (Especially great for new boyfriends, brothers, or dads!) Turtleneck sweater: Neal is jumping on my turtleneck bandwagon and loves his new turtleneck sweater. This one is similar and on sale for $42! They have black and grey! Ancestry DNA Kit: for your history obsessed dad–it’s on MAJOR sale on Amazon! Men’s long-sleeve henleys: Neal LOVES henley tees and these from Nordstrom just got marked down even more! They come in several colors and will make great gifts! Sonos speakers: If you’re looking to get your guy a big-ticket item, he will go NUTS over this Sonos Sound Bar ($100 off right now). We have it in our living room and I think it might be Neal’s favorite thing (besides me. Maybe even more than me?!) We also have the smaller speaker in our bedroom/bathroom, which is 10% off and $174. The sound is really incredible, even I notice a difference. The Google Home speaker is also 35% off! Barbour Coat: You guys have been loving Neal’s Barbour coat this weekend–he has the black Tinford jacket (36% off! Sizing: runs TTS but the sleeves run long, which is OK because you can roll them!) but it’s selling out quickly, so if you don’t see your guy’s size, I’d recommend looking at the Canterdale (40% off!) which is also a really great jacket and available in more sizes! Wool blend coat: If your guy needs a nice coat to wear for more formal occasions, this one is only $127! Ray Bans are still marked down at Nordstrom! This NEVER happens–classic aviators and wayfarers never disappoint when it comes to awesome gifts for your boyfriend/husband/brother or dad! Neal got this pair of aviators which is a nice mix-up from the usual frames, and would make a great gift for stylish husbands/boyfriends/brothers! North Face Jacket: This super nice PrimaLoft jacket just got marked down! (Especially great for Dad!) Slim leather wallets: Neal loves slim wallets like this one and this one because they fit nicely in the back of jeans without being bulky. A Vintage-inspired watch: Neal says that “vintage-inspired watches are having a moment.” Timex watches are awesome and there are a bunch on sale–he loves this one (on sale for $47!) and this one (on sale for $65!)  This Jack Mason watch for $88 is also really cool. Speaking of watches, if your guy (or brother, or dad) is into watches, a personalized watch box (25% off with code FRIENDS) would make an amazing gift! With the discount, that comes out to around $80 (if I’ve done my math correctly? Haha!) The Vancouver Slipper: I also just ordered these slippers (because Neal’s previous “slippers” were old ratty Adidas sandals from college) and they are so comfortable and only $39! Nice mens skincare products: Neal loves Clinique’s for Men line, and this gift set is marked down, if you’re looking for some discounts on great skincare products for your guy! For the new mom: these swaddle blankets are so cute and only $7! You can never have too many of these! For the friend who is always cold: These butter slipper socks are so so so soft. The best socks ever–perfect for stocking stuffers! You can buy 3 for $19! For the fashionista: These beaded pom pom earrings are adorable and will add the perfect dose of festivity to your bestie’s outfit! Also, For the beauty lover: this set of rose gold makeup brushes for $25 is SO pretty AND functional! For your workout buddy: Swell water bottles are always a HUGE hit–I love this marble one marked down to $26! For your guy coworker: On that note,  this wooden Swell bottle  is a great gift for guys, too! For the new bride: This Miss to Mrs tumbler cup is the cutest gift for your newlywed coworker! Right now, it’s only $12! For the dog lover: These pug pajama shorts are EVERYTHING and are 50% off! For literally any girl: this set of dainty initial earringsWho wouldn’t love (one for each ear!) For literally ANY guy: If you missed it above, I really think this personalized wallet bottle opener paired with a 6 pack of great beer is a guaranteed hit with any guy. It’s the coolest bottle opener (guaranteed he doesn’t have one yet!)– it’s the size, shape, and thickness of a credit card, so it fits in his wallet and can go everywhere he does!  20% off was extended through today at Nordstrom–Neal is wearing “The General” aviators, and I’m wearing the 53mm Icons. I’m wearing the same scarf you see above which is 20% off and Everlane’s new cableknit sweater. Neal is wearing his Barbour Tinford jacket (also on sale! See above under the “gifts for guys” section for more details!)        SaveSave Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Segilola Ayeni says  November 28, 2017 at 12:14 am What an awesome guide! It’s also super helpful to see to scale the size of the Madewell transport tote! Thanks for sharing!  – Segi | segilola-ileke.com 
InesTrend says  November 28, 2017 at 1:44 pm I felt in love with this cute red sweater and tartan scarf, looks sweet and Christmas inspired. Love it
Best,
Ines from http://inestrend.com/ 
Julia says  April 12, 2018 at 6:02 am Jean-Paul Gaultier once said “Elegance is a question of personality, more than one’s clothing.” that’s why I love your inspiring posts for showing us your personality! 
Julia says  April 12, 2018 at 6:34 am Bo Derek onve said “Whoever said that money can’t buy happiness, simply didn’t know where to go shopping.” I am so jealous of the way you can create such cool outfits, thanks for inspo. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Maxi Dresses, Denim Dresses, White Blouses And Tops, Ivory Wedding Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 28, 2017   You may know this already if you follow along on Instagram stories, but I have been looking for a new pair of athletic sneakers for an embarrassingly long amount of time. They were the one thing I could never pull the trigger on. Did I want grey? Did I want light pink? (I almost went with this blush pair!) Adidas? New Balance? Nike? SO. MANY. CHOICES. Also, is it just me, or do so many pairs sell out so quickly, that by the time you make a decision on something, it’s already gone? I had this issue over and over again! Then, Shaheen actually told me to look on Zappos, because they have an amazing selection of athletic sneakers. (I also love that they have super fast, free shipping, and the best customer service ever.)  I wanted something that looked cute and could be worn with jeans, but also could be worn to work out as well. I FINALLY found a pair–they’re the Nike Tanjuns and they come in tons of different colors, too! (I especially love this tri-tone grey, navy, and pink color!) They’re basically a riff on the Roshe (first cousins, perhaps, if you will?) and they are everything you could ever want in a sneaker and more. Anyway, they’re now the most comfortable shoes that I own. They feel like pillows on my feet! I love the light grey color because it goes with everything–and they are amazing for travel, too. (I wore them on the plane to and from Montreal a couple weeks back.) They run true to size, and also have good arch support. (This is really great for me, because I have very flat duck feet.) Another great perk: They’re only $64! One tip: Make sure to spray them with protectant spray to keep them that pretty light grey color. I use Scotchgard on everything (like, even my couch and my white jeans) like it’s going out of style. It never lets me down! Shop the Nike Tanjun and similar styles:    Filed Under: Style  
Jessi Afshin says  August 28, 2017 at 9:20 am Love those sneakers! Cute and comfy… That’s the way to go! xoxo
Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Rachel Spross says  August 28, 2017 at 10:44 am Those sneakers are too cute! Love the neutral gray color. These go with anything I bet! -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Britney Crawley says  August 28, 2017 at 10:57 am Such a great sneaker! Light grey seems like a good choice in color- they should go with everything! 
Kiley Morgan says  August 28, 2017 at 3:30 pm I have the same pair and I love them! The light blue/navy ones look really cute too. 
Mary Fremeau says  August 28, 2017 at 8:56 pm those look dreamily comfortable!!! Love!
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Gold Clutter says  August 29, 2017 at 6:33 am I love those shoes. They’d look really great with some leggings. Sophie I Gold Clutter 
Caitlin Edwards says  August 30, 2017 at 1:07 pm I love those shoes! I have similar ones the nike revolution 3. They are grey with a pink/orange Nike symbol! Love them for traveling! http://www.themilestraveled.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heels, Gold And Silver Jewelry, Black Pumps Heels, Sam Edelman Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 16, 2018   Hi guys! We’re back from Dallas and this morning is NEAL’S BIRTHDAY! His 30th to be exact! I’ve got something up my sleeve for this weekend, but I’m not posting it here in case he reads this post before I can wake up and unveil the surprise ? You’ll have to follow along on Instagram stories to get the update and see how we’ll be celebrating! I am SO excited for this weekend! In other news, today I’m sharing another staple, styled multiple ways! This time, it’s the sweater dress! Ba da daaaa! Let’s “hop to it” as my mom would say, yes? (That means, “let’s go!”)  I love a good sweater dress–it’s a really versatile piece that transitions multiple seasons–from fall to winter, and winter to spring. They come in ton’s of different styles and lengths–from a classic shift, fit and flare, to more trendy styles incorporating elements from bell sleeves to ruffles! You can find ’em in crewneck, turtleneck, mock neck, v-neck, chunky knit, rib knit–the list goes on! Today, I’ve chosen a classic long-sleeved crewneck dress to style because I think it’s probably the most versatile in terms of how many ways you can style it. Sadly, the exact dress I’m wearing here sold out before I could post this (gah! ?) but you can replicate all of these looks with any dress of similar cut. I’m linking some other cute favorites below! Shop sweater dresses:    I’ll get more into this in a second, but there are so many things you can wear with a sweater dress. My biggest tip is to remember that you can layer under as well as over–so many times, we only think of layering over–jackets, blazers, etc–but sometimes layering something like a button-down under your dress is the easiest way to switch up your look. The other great thing is that you can make virtually any shoes work with a sweater dress–which brings me to my next point… Sweater dresses are so versatile, they look cute with any type of shoe. Here, I chose to style them with ankle boots, over the knee boots, and pumps–but they would also look so cute with a great loafer (I love my Gucci loafers, but Sam Edelmans are an amazing dupe–I have them in leopard but they come in black!) ballet flats (like these!) knee high boots (I own these Splendid boots, which I love styling with sweater dresses and they’re currently 40% off!) and sneakers (go for a classic, crisp white sneaker–I love my Jack Purcells!) Keep on scrolling for how I styled my sweater dress 3 ways for today’s post!     Dress: Sold out, similar here, here and here! Pumps: Old (identical here and  here!) Lipstick: RMS Beauty in RMS Red One of my favorite things about sweater dresses is that they often look so cute all by themselves–I love a good sweater dress paired with a classic pump! So often we feel like we have to re-invent the wheel when it comes to getting dressed. It’s nice to remember that sometimes, simple is best.     Dress: Sold out, similar here, here and here! Boots: Steve Madden Gabbie Boots–Chinese Laundry also makes a similar budget-friendly pair with a heel! Vince Camuto also has a similar pair on sale! Lipstick: RMS Beauty in RMS Red Scarf: White + Warren (on sale!) (shop more White + Warren on Shopbop!) You guys know how much I love a good neck scarf (haha, exhibit A above and exhibit B below ?) I especially love this cashmere one because it adds the warmth of a chunky cashmere scarf with the femininity of a sweet neck scarf! I like the two-toned look it adds along with the boots in a similar color! These Steve Madden faux suede boots are so affordable and comfortable, too! I think the “in between heel” that isn’t too low or too high makes them really versatile for day or night, too!   Dress: Sold out, similar here, here and here! Tights: From Walgreens haha but if you want nicer ones I’ve heard these from Nordstrom are great! Booties: Sarto Scarf: J.Crew (mine is a Paris print but they still have the London print which is almost identical and on sale for $7!!) I received the same request from quite a few of you in that you weren’t sure how to wear tights with a more casual outfit, so I wanted to throw in a pair of tights into the mix to show you how I would style them to say, dinner and a movie, or even in a more casual work environment! Pairing black tights with booties of the same color goes a long way to elongate the legs and keep you warm all at the same time! I love these booties by SARTO and they’ve been a staple of mine all fall and winter! (They come in tan as well, if that’s more your style!) For more versatile style posts, see three different ways to wear a scarf & how to wear ponto pants four ways! SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Taylor - Lights Camera Catwalk says  February 19, 2018 at 3:13 pm Loving the OTK Boots version, but all three looks are super cute!!  Xx Taylor
http://www.lightscameracatwalk.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Brown Flats, White Blouses And Tops, Wedge Black Shoes, Green Coats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 16, 2019   Dress: c/o Shopbop–runs TTS–it’s a brand called KOS Resort, which I hadn’t heard of before but I really love! I also have this cover up dress by them that I brought with me as well. (That is coming in another post!) You can also buy the brand on Amazon! Sandals: Steven Greece Sandals by Steve Madden c/o Shopbop. TTS and come in tons of colors! Bag: One of my favorite Amazon finds ever. It’s seriously $15–the perfect vacation purse! Earrings: old from Baublebar, but found these $10 dupes on Amazon! Also love these that come in other colors! If the larger tassels aren’t your thing, this pair is adorable! Dainty necklace: Dana Rebecca Lipstick: Beautycounter Girls Night Out  Happy Wednesday!  We got back from Mexico on Monday, and despite the drastic temperature change, it has felt really good to get back to *normal.* I spent a good part of the day brainstorming upcoming content and I’m excited about everything to come! I know you will be too! Speaking of brainstorming, I’m constantly asking you guys what you’d like to see over on Instagram stories–(because, who am I writing for if not for you!?) which I happened to do yesterday. In particular–about style content. It’s such a weird time of year to be creating style content. (Like, nobody wants to buy more sweaters?) but it’s definitely not going to be Spring any time soon! (At least here it isn’t! ?) so I asked for your guidance on the subject (said subject being: Style related content in January and February)–and so many of you were like VACATION WEAR!  Which was MUSIC TO MY EARS because I’ve got some great content we shot in Mexico coming your way ?today’s post being part of it!  (Other ideas being: New ways to style that same old sweater and jeans you’re sick of wearing, shoes you can wear that aren’t boots, activewear so you can be more motivated to go to the gym, Valentine’s Day date outfit ideas, and so on–all amazing ideas, which I’m also working as we speak!)  I am a huge procrastinator (shockingggg, I know ?) when it comes to packing or preparing for any trip (I never pack earlier than the night before, and I typically don’t think about when I’m bringing more than a few days before that–so for vacation wear, super fast shipping is a requirement ?) Thus–Shopbop and Amazon to the rescue!  Everything you see here is available on one or the other, so if you’re a last minute shopper, you’ll reaallyyy love this post.   Anyway, in addition to the Prime shipping, I love these two sites because they always seem to have the best selection of warm weather clothing in the winter. I fell in love with this new-to-me brand, KOS Resort–especially this beautiful maxi dress. Was there a more fitting dress for a Mexico vacation? I think not! We shot this at sunset our beautiful resort, Unico. (I would HIGHLY recommend, I’ll be doing a post on that too–stay tuned!)  Absolutely, I adore this dress. I love the adorable dainty floral print, the beautiful, intricate, and subtle lace details around the neckline and flared sleeves, and how breezy and lightweight the material is. It will be your go-to vacation dress for years to come! (I also love this maxi with the tie sleeves and beautiful floral print!)  Dresses, in particular, are always my go-to’s for travel–especially when hot weather is involved. Not only are they cooler temperature-wise, but they are a one-and-done outfit. You don’t need to worry about which tops go with which bottoms–they completely take the guesswork out of getting ready. (Because who wants to spend time getting ready when they could be enjoying cocktails al fresco?) I’ll link more of my favorite vacation dresses below!  In addition to dresses, I really only bring one purse whenever I go somewhere like Mexico–it’s this one! It’s from Amazon–and $15–and it’s so adorable–THE BEST. Is it super high quality? NOPE! But you can’t beat the price–and you definitely won’t feel guilty beating it up ? Footwear I kept to a minimum, and I pretty much just wore these sandals every single night. I own them in several colors and they are truly my favorite vacation sandal–I wear them all through the summer, I wore them all over Italy, I bring them on every vacation–you name it, they are amazing. They are so comfortable and don’t rub at all! I brought the white version that I wore to the pool every day! I own the camel as well but they also come in black! Some sizes and colors are on sale on Amazon too!  Finally, some fun earrings! The pair I’m wearing here are Baublebar (I love them for fun earrings) and they’re sold out now, but I found a bunch of pairs on Amazon (like this pair and this pair!) for $10-$15! Huzzah! Earrings are really the only kind of dramatic jewelry I wear–everything else, I keep simple. I never take this Dana Rebecca necklace off–it was a bridesmaid gift from my best friend Courtney and it goes with everything!              Filed Under: Mexico, Outfits, Style  
Sadie says  January 16, 2019 at 8:16 am So pretty Jess! This is timely as we’re planning a trip to Riviera Maya so I’d LOVE to see a travel guide +  more about the resort! Thanks for all that you do! 
Kelly says  January 16, 2019 at 8:37 am This dress is ah-mazing!!! I’ve not been this excited about a dress in a longggg time! Love e dry detail!!!! Always love your content!!! 
Lana says  February 5, 2019 at 12:07 am Omg so excited that you’re doing a post on the Unico resort! My husband and I are going in March (after seeing it on your stories) so would love to hear more about your experience before we go. 
Priya sharma says  August 1, 2019 at 7:50 am This maxi dress is ah amazing!!!  Love e dry detail!!!! Always love your content!!!
i found one more luxury dresses site that is peachandpinkstore.com are also have good maxi dresses 
Indo German Industries says  September 14, 2019 at 12:50 am Thank you  for sharing this information.Your information helps me a lot.I hope will share this kind of information again. I am a seller of locomotive’s spare parts. you can click on given below link and read more information about it.  http://indogermanind.com 
Lee says  October 25, 2019 at 7:23 pm If your looking for stylish maxi dresses in Australia, I found this store has some great designs and in plus sizes too https://www.mixedupstuff.com.au Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Bikinis, Boxes, Black Blouses, Tassel Earrings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 27, 2017   Dress: JOA from Revolve–runs TTS. Other cute yellow versions: this one (comes in several colors!) and this one! Also, the back of this flowy blush maxi is to DIE for, and how pretty is this navy one? // Shoes: Old, but similar here, here and obsessed with these tassel lace-ups // Sunnies: Krewe du Optic via Tuckernuck (also love these!) // Bag: Madwell Marfa Bag (the brown is also available at Nordstrom. This suede one is also similar too!) // Earrings: BaubleBar (come in so many colors!) // Lips: Burberry lipstick in Bright Plum 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Thursday!? How is it already Thursday!? Neal has been gone all week on a business trip so I’m so excited that he’s coming home today! I got back to Chicago from Dallas on Sunday and he had to leave on Monday morning at like, 6am (the worst!) so we haven’t really gotten to spend a lot of (or any?) time together over the past week, and I’ve been excitedly awaiting today’s arrival ever since! This week has been all about getting back into the swing of things–diving back into work mode full force, but also trying to strike the right work-life balance since it FINALLY feels like summer could be on the horizon? I’ve also been working on knocking out some wedding to-do’s–most importantly, working out the details on our invitations on Minted! I think we finally decided on a design so I’m excited to share it with you guys! I’m slowly figuring out that the reason planning a wedding is so hard is because there are way too many choices. I texted Neal last night overwhelmed about the ratio of vintage glassware to modern wine glasses. (Like, seriously? WHO CARES?! Get a grip, Jessica!) It’s just really easy to get caught up in silly stuff, you know? Sometimes you just need to take a time out and remind yourself that at any given wedding, the only factors anyone ACTUALLY cares about are an open bar, the music, and most importantly, the bride and groom having a good time. Do you recall any wedding in recent history where you’ve cared about anything else? Me either. That’s what I have to keep reminding myself.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Anyway, I wore this yellow maxi dress on the second day of our conference in Dallas. This was actually [sadly] the ONLY look we shot in Dallas due to crazy weather! It actually felt colder there than it did in Chicago! This dress was a great choice though–feminine and super comfy–my two favorite qualities in a dress! These earrings borrowed from Blair were also the perfect accessory to pair with it! Also, is it just me, or is yellow making a comeback? I don’t know about you, but I never owned anything yellow before this year. Whatever it is, I’m glad that it’s back in  Okay–I’m off to make my house NOT look like a tornado hit it before my fiancé gets home. Wish me luck        Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Melanie Beatus says  April 27, 2017 at 7:59 am LOVE this outfit! Great coordination w/ the earrings  
Jess says  April 27, 2017 at 9:26 am Thanks Melanie!! 
SarahLagen says  April 27, 2017 at 8:42 am I totally understand what you are talking about with wedding planning. We just started really diving into wedding planning and it is wayyyyyy to many choice! I think I’m the most anti-bride out there! I’ve been trying to convince my fiance that we should just go to the courthouse! So many choices!   xo, Sarah 
Jess says  April 27, 2017 at 9:26 am GAHHH I tried that too. Good luck with that one. Since when are the grooms the traditional ones?!  Huge congrats to you love!!! 
Diana Pearl says  April 27, 2017 at 9:23 am That dress is gorgeous! I love the bright yellow. Anddd I think I need a circle bag. x diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Jess says  April 27, 2017 at 9:26 am Thanks Diana! I know right? Who knew circles could be so cute!?  
Jenn Lake says  April 27, 2017 at 9:57 am So pretty, lady! Love this maxi on you! 
Carly | The Clydescope says  April 27, 2017 at 10:33 am SO SPRINGY I LOVE IT
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  April 27, 2017 at 11:52 am So pretty Jess! Yea, I can barely remember wedding planning at this point but all anyone cares about it having a good time which I know you have covered so relax  Wine helps too – I’ll join you soon enough!!! 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  April 27, 2017 at 6:47 pm yellow has always been cool! Haha, well at least in my book! Loved this on you! […] cute is Jess in her yellow sundress?! I (very obviously) wear blue almost exclusively, but Jess does color SO well, and she […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Metallic Shoes, Tan Wedge Sandals, Silver Sandal Heels, Black Sneakers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 2, 2015   Sweatshirt, vest, bag, and loafers (c/o): Barbour Lincoln Park (Visit 2042 North Halsted Street in Chicago or call 773-360-7926 to order!) You can also buy the vest at Nordstrom here // White jeans: Loft (last season, but similar here and here) // Lips: MAC Lady Danger // Watch: Daniel Wellington Happy Thursday guys! I think spring might FINALLY be in the air! I can’t really get my hopes up, because, you know…we’re really not safe until June here in the Midwest, but I definitely feel like things are looking up–so naturally, a celebration is order, which happens to be in the form of a $300 Nordstrom giveaway! Be sure to enter at the bottom of this post!   Last week, Kelly and I got together with our friends at Barbour in Lincoln Park to style three different spring looks that you’re going to love. First up: a preppy pink sweatshirt and a spring vest! (Which goes great with white jeans–if you haven’t been to Loft lately, they have some great ones! I love these, these, and these.) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I didn’t really think there was such a thing as a spring vest until I saw this one. Then it occurred to me, clearly a puffy vest is just as necessary in the spring as in the fall. The temperatures are still a little unpredictable, chilly, and layers are absolutely necessary at all times. Why haven’t we all adopted this concept sooner? I love the striped lining as well, giving it a nautical feel, which I’ve been LOVING lately. (I think Kelly’s preppiness is rubbing off on me?) You can buy it at Barbour’s Lincoln Park location or by calling them at 773-360-7926, or online here. (It also comes in yellow!) This bag is also the perfect beach when the weather heats up, however, it looks much cuter with Noodle in it. It’s also worth noting that each Barbour store carries something a little bit different! The Lincoln Park location is definitely my favorite, but you can find Barbour at Nordstrom, too! (Which you can totally take advantage of if you win the $300 giveaway below!)       Co-hosts: Stylish Adventures with AL • TonieGirl • Storybook Apothecary • Notoriously Dapper • Jenn’s Blah Blah Blog • Life’s Cheap Thrills • Taffeta & Tulips • Prescribed To Fashion • The Yuppie Files • Flip Flops and Furs • The Fairy Princess Diaries • Wish U.S Were Here • The Golden Girl • Pink Cupcakes & Paper  // Giveaway organized by: Oh My Gosh Beck! (Please email becky@ohmygoshbeck.com with any questions.)  Rules: Use the Rafflecopter form to enter daily. Giveaway ends 4/23 and is open worldwide. Winner will be notified via email. Are you a blogger who wants to participate in giveaways like these to grow your blog? Click here to find out how you can join a totally awesome group of bloggers! 
 Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Sweatpants, Sam Edelman Flats, Tan Wedge Sandals, Gold Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 7, 2015  
// <![CDATA[
!function(f,b,e,v,n,t,s){if(f.fbq)return;n=f.fbq=function(){n.callMethod? n.callMethod.apply(n,arguments):n.queue.push(arguments)};if(!f._fbq)f._fbq=n; n.push=n;n.loaded=!0;n.version='2.0';n.queue=[];t=b.createElement(e);t.async=!0; t.src=v;s=b.getElementsByTagName(e)[0];s.parentNode.insertBefore(t,s)}(window, document,'script','//connect.facebook.net/en_US/fbevents.js'); fbq('init', '882417955210224'); fbq('track', "PageView");
// ]]&gt;
&amp;lt;img height=”1″ width=”1″ style=”display:none” src=”https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=882417955210224&amp;amp;ev=PageView&amp;amp;noscript=1″ /&amp;gt;
  Ever since I purchased this awesome poncho at Target a couple weeks back (you can see the full look on The Everygirl here!) I’ve been wearing it non-stop. It’s super soft, and ultra warm! Honestly I could probably fold it over my sofa and trick people into thinking it was a luxurious blanket ;-P 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Use it as a wrap when you go out at night, as a layering staple during the day over a tee or a crisp white button down, or even over an office appropriate LBD for the perfect workwear outfit.  If you don’t have a poncho in your wardrobe yet, here are 12 of my very favorites for fall! Click through the below to scroll the lookbook.   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  Photo by Kelly Larkin for The Everygirl  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Alias ThePoster says  October 7, 2015 at 8:51 am Bummer – when I saw the title of your blog, I was hoping to see you all “hippy”-ed out 
Jess says  October 7, 2015 at 10:43 am Hahaha I’ll try to find a hippie one to wear next time just for you. 
Megan says  October 7, 2015 at 9:22 am I love this post! Ponchos are so comfy but look so chic so you do not even feel guilty about how comfy it is! have an amazing wednesday // http://www.lifeloveandbe.com/ 
Jess says  October 7, 2015 at 10:43 am Right? They’re really the best! 
Alyssa Thomas says  October 7, 2015 at 10:01 am Love the camel one from ASOS!  Alyssa | Glitter and Grey 
Jess says  October 7, 2015 at 10:43 am Me too!! I mightttt be ordering that today  
Carly says  October 7, 2015 at 10:51 am I got a killer poncho at H&M, LOVE IT.
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Jess says  October 7, 2015 at 6:58 pm Ohhhh which one!! 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  October 7, 2015 at 1:41 pm I love the poncho! Thinking of you and hope you’re doing well! <3  Her Heartland Soul http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Jess says  October 7, 2015 at 6:58 pm You are the sweetest <3 thank you my love! 
Rachel {Love This Life} says  October 7, 2015 at 5:01 pm My favorite ponchos are the ones that have little fasteners so there’s slightly an armhole… otherwise they always fall off!!! Love the round up! 
Jess says  October 7, 2015 at 6:59 pm Good call, Rachel! Yes, sometimes the poncho wraps can be a little slippery! 
Annie says  October 7, 2015 at 8:29 pm Love the classic black and white you have on! It could work for almost any occasion. Good on ya! 
Jess says  October 8, 2015 at 11:26 am Thank you Annie!  
Susn Schu says  October 13, 2015 at 12:06 pm I bought the ASOS poncho – first time I bought off of a blog post referral.  Thanks Jess! […] 12 Chic Ponchos for Fall. #7 is my […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Graphic Sweatshirts, White Lace Cocktail Dresses, Grey Coats, White Sheath Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 20, 2017   Maxi Dress: c/o Chicwish – I also lovee this red ruffled off the shoulder maxi (looks just like the emoji!!) // Sandals: Splendid Colleen Sandals (also come in black and white!) They also make this version which is similar and this lace-up heels version! (Which is on sale!) Both are made of the same buttery leather. I also love these espadrilles which look super comfy! (Also on sale!) // Initial necklace: Identical here in gold, rose gold, and silver! // Bracelets: c/o Monica Vinader + Busywrist // Handbag: Weldon (also comes in a smaller version!) // Hair: Curled with the t3 “Whirl” trio wand + Oribe Texture Spray // Makeup: Burberry Fresh Glow Fluid base + Fresh Glow Foundation + Fresh Glow Under eye concealer + Earthy Blush, Charlotte Tilbury Mascara, Burberry Bright Plum Lipstick What’s your favorite thing about summer? For me, I think it all boils down to spending as much time as possible outside. I know with the wedding, the summer is going to FLY, so I know I’m probably being a little ambitious thinking that I can accomplish everything on this bucket list, but here it goes anyway  I love picnics. I love picnic food, I love preparing picnic food, I especially love eating picnic food, and drinking wine while eating picnic food. Usually for “date night” we just go to one of our standby favorite local restaurants, but I think it would be really fun to mix it up and do this instead  I know my way around the kitchen very well, however, grilling is one cooking skill I’ve yet to master. Admittedly I blame this on my fear of lighting myself (or my house) on fire, and also because I know I will forget to turn the gas off and all that money we spent on a tank of gas will go up in smoke. (Literally). For those main reasons, Neal usually handles the grilling in our house. However, I also realize how ridiculous this is. When Neal isn’t here, I would still like to be able to make a really delicious dinner on the grill! I need to get over this. Have you heard of Tuesdays on the Terrace? It’s an event at the Museum of Modern Art where they have live jazz and serve up food fresh from the farmer’s market that took place on the terrace just hours earlier. It sounds so fun and I’ve always wanted to go! Why not this summer? I love stand up paddle boarding! I’ve never done it on Lake Michigan but have always wanted to. Sadly now that we live West I never see the lake anymore but I’d like to try and make it a more regular thing! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Okay, disclaimer, I already bought the herbs, and I already put them in cute little terracotta pots. However, you know me. I have to actually keep them alive now. I’ve had them for a couple of days and have loved cooking with all the fresh herbs! It makes SUCH a difference in your food. I’ll keep you posted. I’m beginning to think the cilantro is already fading. Please send help! Have you ever been to Chicago’s river walk? It’s so much fun, newly revamped, and beautiful! I hardly ever make it downtown these days, but I would love to make more of an effort to get back to the Riverwalk! (Especially to City Winery, which has a terrace right on the river!) … Now, what to WEAR to all of these activities? I think this dress fits the bill for all of the above! It’s loose and flowy so it’s not too hot, and it’s the prettiest shade of red-orange that I think is so flattering on all skin tones! I don’t usually gravitate to things that are this “boho” but the fact that it’s still so feminine made me fall in love! Aren’t the tassels on the front so cute? I borrowed this bag from Welden bags from Blair for the day and I love the woven detail. It’s also the perfect size–roomy, but not too big to where it will weigh on your shoulders! If you’re looking for a medium sized bag, I really love it and would highly recommend it! Also, I won’t go too much into these sandals from Splendid again, because you probably think I’m a broken record–but all I’ll say is, if you have a problem finding comfortable sandals or constantly have blisters, you need this sandals in your life!      



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

   Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Classic Catherine says  June 20, 2017 at 6:04 am So funny, I just posted mine yesterday! A lot of my list is the same! We did stand up paddle boarding last year, and it was so much fun. Now that I’m in my third trimester, unfortunately that will have to be kayaking, but bring on all the picnics! 
xoxo,
Classic Catherine 
Jess Zimlich says  June 20, 2017 at 7:22 am At the very top of my summer bucket list is skydiving and turning 30 – woo! Stand up paddling boarding is on there too  I’m determined to make the most of my first full summer in the city! 26 and Not Counting 
Jessica Borg says  June 20, 2017 at 8:28 am Cilantro never seems to last long for me,  it tends to bolt really fast in the summer heat.  The only way to make it last is to use it a LOT…you need to nip those flowering buds before they start. If yours has already flowered, it sadly is past the point of no return. 
Kristina Anderson says  June 20, 2017 at 1:13 pm Ooo I want to try a picnic date, sounds so fun! I actually JUST learned to use our gas grill and am amazed by how easy it is! I usually let the hubby grill when he’s home though because it makes him feel manly (and gets me out of cooking dinner  I’ve got a lady date at City Winery tomorrow, can’t wait! Kristina does the Internets 
Ashley La Fleur says  June 20, 2017 at 3:22 pm Oooo I’d never heard of Tuesdays On the Terrace until now.  Added it to my list! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Sandal Heels, Tassel Earrings, Blue Mini Bags, Black Booties Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 17, 2018   White jeans are perhaps one of my favorite wardrobe staples of all time–especially when it the weather warms up! (Although, I highly encourage white jeans all year round–I figure, there are no rules when it comes to the weather in Chicago–it snows in April and we can get 60 degree days in January, so why should I limit myself to seasonal style rules? ?) White jeans are insanely versatile, can be dressed up easily, and even made business casual. Sometimes, they’re just what you need to breathe some new life into your regular outfit rotation. Today, we’re going to go through a TON of ways to wear white jeans no matter what season it is! Ready? This is a question that I get so often. While it’s true that it is harder to find a flattering pair of white jeans than it is a pair of dark jeans, when you find the right fit, they absolutely ARE flattering. Here are my tips to finding the perfect pair of white jeans: Look for a high waisted pair:  If you haven’t gotten on board with the high-waisted trend yet, you should! High-waisted pants make your legs look INFINITELY longer. Think about it, they add several inches of what appears to be “leg” to the eye, and also hit at the slimmest point of your waist. On the flipside, mid-rise and low-rise jeans hit you at your widest point–your hips–which essentially makes them look wider than they actually are! (By the way, see my post: “How to make your legs look longer” for more tips!)  Look for a pair with a bit of stretch:  You’ll want a pair of jeans with a nice bit of give to them, so they’re always hugging your curves in the right places, rather than bagging out in certain spots–that’s never flattering! Look for a cotton blend with 2% elastane. Try a cropped straight leg pair OR a skinny pair. Cropped straight legs are really popular right now and I cannot get enough of them! You want to make sure they’re cut a few inches above the ankle–if they’re too long, they can make your legs look awkward and stumpy! I also love a classic pair of high-waisted skinny jeans–these are the two pairs that I own and wear constantly on repeat: Madewell High Waisted Skinny Jeans: These really truly are the best white skinnies I’ve found. They aren’t remotely see through–seriously, you can wear them even with black underwear with ZERO show-through! They’re insanely soft, comfy, and have a great amount of stretch to them so they’re always hugging you in the right places. Everlane Kick Crop Jeans: I absolutely love the way these jeans are cut–everyone I know who has them loves them, but heads up–they do stretch out so I would recommend sizing down. Awhile ago on Instagram stories, I asked you guys what YOUR favorite white jeans are–you actually convinced me to purchase the Madewell ones (thank you!!) but there were a few other top contenders as well. You guys said these brands also had the perfect amount of stretch, flattering fit, and no show-through! J.Crew’s High Rise Toothpick Jeans and J.Crew Factory’s White Skinny Jeans: These were some of the most popular reader recommended jeans, right behind Madewell’s! J.Crew Factory’s win the best price point award! Vineyard Vine’s white jeans: Several readers recommended Vineyard Vines jeans! They have a nude back pocket lining to ensure zero show through, and have a lot of stretch! They also come in a raw step hem which I really love! J.Brand Maria’s: Quite a few girls said they love their J.Brand Maria high-waisted jeans! I can also echo this, I love J.Brand Maria jeans and their dark skinnies are one of my favorite pairs. I also went through a brief stint owning a pair of white ones but then I ruined them ? RIP. They were great while they lasted though!  This is a great springy/summery outfit for brunch or a date night out! I love that these espadrilles have a platform (if you’re looking to add some height without sacrificing your feet, these are definitely a must!) I will admit that walking in them takes a minute to get used to, but you’ll absolutely love them! A fun statement earring is an easy way to add fun pop of color if you’re feeling too basic–I love these blue ones from Baublebar!  This is a perfect “in between season” outfit that would be ideal for spring and fall–it’s bright and cheerful, but also warm, too! I’ve been seeing wrap-front tops everywhere this season, and they’re super flattering on so many different body types because of their v neckline! These Everlane oxfords are one of my favorite pairs–I love the modern lines and slightly pointed toe make them less preppy and more fashion-forward than other oxfords.  You know me, I love ANYTHING paired with a stripe, especially white jeans! These bow mules are so comfortable and add the cutest little feminine twist while still being very casual! They come in lot’s of colors too–Nordstrom actually carries several similar styles!  You guys saw this post not too far back–I love this look because it bridges the gap between casual and business casual. If you work in a casual office environment but still want to look professional, this is a great outfit! It’s also perfect for in-between-season weather because the closed toes and trench coat keep you warm! By the way, this is my favorite trench coat of all time and you can see more info about it and several other ways to style at trench coat in this post! White jeans and gingham tops go together like peanut butter and jelly! They are the cutest combination with a preppy twist! Add a straw hat and a fun statement bag to pull everything together!  Often times, I feel like people are afraid to wear white on white, but I think it looks so fresh and crisp–it’s one of my favorite ways to wear white jeans! Adding a neutral sandal makes your legs look super long, too!  I ADORE white jeans with florals–it’s really such a no-brainer combination that I often gravitate toward. For a girly yet polished look, go for a sandal in the same hue as your top to really pull the outfit together!  Who says you can’t wear white jeans in winter? I love them in the colder months because they’re such a nice break from all the dark pants we’re constantly wearing! They look so beautiful and crisp with red, white, and camel!  Another winter white jeans outfit–simply swapping your favorite dark jeans for a pair of white jeans with a springy top will allow you to look and feel a little springy while still staying warm with the addition of some neutral hued over the knee boots!  White jeans are an easy way to brighten up even the gloomiest day! I love mine paired with rain boots and my trusty Barbour Beadnell coat. Chambray and denim is always a classic combination–if you’re typically a little wary of the “Canadian tuxedo” look, pulling it off with white jeans is always more palatable! I love a chambray ruffle top especially!  I’m obsessed with cap-toe heels! They are Chanel look-a-likes at a price your wallet can actually afford  This is another example of my love for pairing white on white, with a silk button down and chunky knit sweater over the top–who says you can’t wear white after Labor Day!? This look is perfect for a nice October day.  I WISH they made these nude sandals again this year (you can still find them in a few sizes though!)–they are my absolute favorites–but any nude heels will make your legs look several inches longer–they’re always a great pair for white jeans! They look great with a fun, springy top!  Another look with my trusty trench coat! This look could easily be made more dressy for the office by swapping out the mules for a pair of pumps (I’d probably go with nude! I love these by Sam Edelman!)  The same red and blue striped button-down you saw above, but made summery with polished ruffled slides and a casual leather jacket! (This look would look just as cute with a denim jacket as well!)  More stripes! (Are you surprised?!) To brighten up a regular old wintery look, pair white jeans with neutral booties, a striped turtleneck, and a scarf! SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Style 101  
Frances says  April 17, 2018 at 8:23 am I LOVE every single look in this post.  I need your wardrobe ? 
Shauna says  April 17, 2018 at 10:38 am You’re gorgeous, Jess! 
Allie says  April 17, 2018 at 10:48 am White jeans and pastels are my favorite! I also like to wear them with a silk cami, and maybe a silky scarf. Here’s to white before Memorial Day! xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Melissa says  April 17, 2018 at 1:56 pm I’m also obsessed with stripes!  I think I need an intervention.  Just got white jeans for this year & am looking forward to trying lots of different looks with them. 
Mariah says  May 4, 2018 at 6:27 pm This post was so inspiring! I feel like I need to start styling my white jeans so many more ways now! http://moosmusing.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Swimsuit, Leather Watches, Black Cropped Pants, Black Off Shoulder Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 14, 2017   HAPPY FRIDAY! Whether you’re actually planning an upcoming trip or just day dreaming over one, let’s all take a work break (because…it’s Friday!) and talk about one of my favorite subjects: vacation wear!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I’ve received several emails and comments from some lucky duck readers over the past couple of weeks planning for upcoming warm weather getaways. You guys are a busy bunch, headed to Mexico, Arizona, California, even Thailand! Here are my favorite essentials to bring with you on spring break. …And it’s the last day to get all of them at 25% off, too!   My favorite little striped dress! It’s SO soft and looks just as cute with sneakers as it does with summery heels. It’s the perfect spring break companion. This pretty floral dress would be perfect for a destination wedding! Speaking of the beach and the pool, a pair of flip flops (cringe) is a non-negotiable essential for both. I just found this really simple nude leather pair that won’t make you feel like a huge dork. Plus, with the discount, they’re under $50! On any warm-weather vacation, long-sleeves are key. I always, no matter how hard I try, end up with a sunburn, and a lightweight, longsleeved tunic goes a long way to protect you! Also, if you’re going to any sites that have dress code policies (temples, cathedrals, etc) this is a great item to wear since it covers your shoulders and keeps you cool! This feminine off the shoulder dress makes it easy to go from the beach straight to dinner, and I love the sweet little pattern! Embroidery and tassels just scream Spring Break! I’ve been loving yellow lately–it’s hard to not smile when you put it on! Throwing one scarf in your carry-on is a must to keep you warm on the plane, but it’s also a beach bag staple. You’ll want it to help cover up any areas that got too much sun when laying by the beach! How adorable is this wrap bikini? I also love the color. (One of those colors that can make even a pale girl look tan :-P) I wore this on my trip to Mexico and it was such a perfect maxi. Another piece you can make work for day or night, and wear several times during your vacation. Runs TTS. I love, love the brand Soludos! They make the cutest espadrilles and are such a steal right now! Mar Y Sol makes the cutest beach bags! I couldn’t believe when I saw this one on sale! I love these classic black cat-eye frames! The best part though, is the price tag  I think if you were to ask me to pick ONE prettiest pair of spring shoes–these would be them! The whole 20% off thing also makes the price tag much more reasonable! The cutest ever striped beach sheet. Enough said! Tassel earrings are so huge right now, I love the emerald color of this pair. They add such a fun flair to any outfit! Ahhh my new favorite flats! I just got these Splendid sandals and they feel like butter on the feet! I always travel in my Madewell tees! They’re so comfortable and the V is the perfect depth–not too low, but low enough to still feel pretty in a t-shirt. Another one of my latest buys–I lovee the “Wedgie” shorts from Levi’s! Run TTS, but if you want them a bit looser, size up. I had no idea Herschel came out with hardside luggage! (We have a few duffel bags by the brand and love them.) How cute is this white version? It comes in a larger, check-able size, too. I love the wider brim of this boater hat! Tip: Stuff smaller items like socks, bathing suits, and undies inside, then turn it upside down and place it in your suitcase, packing your other items around it. This helps keep its shape! This might just be the cutest midi sundress ever. You’ll definitely want to pull it out for 4th of July. (But also wear it 100 times before then, obviously.) This tie-front tee is a little switch-up from a regular t-shirt. It’s easy to throw on with jean shorts and sandals to go exploring! I can only imagine these are comfiest cover-up pants EVER. (I mean, they’re made by Eberjay, so you know they feel like heaven). These would be perfect for the plane with the grey tee above! Packing wet bathing suits is the worst! This little bag is lined so you can just throw ’em in there and go! No risk of getting your other essentials all wet! My favorite bathing suit is made by this brand, Peixoto, in almost this exact cut! The color is to die for, too! These raffia slides are absolutely stunning! Might have to add these to cart too… For date nights out, this summery canvas clutch is perfect! I love how this feminine ruffle shirt is a nice twist on the classic chambray button down. Also, the PRICE. WHATTTT? So good! Filed Under: Outfits, Shop, Style  
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  April 17, 2017 at 7:41 am I just bought those Splendid sandals because of you  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Tees, Red Bikinis, Dress Pumps, Black Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 17, 2014  Photography by Cassandra Eldridge 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I never wear royal blue.  I’m not entirely sure why. When I walked up to shoot with my friend Cassandra today she exclaimed “oh, that’s such a great color on you!” I was kind of caught off guard. “This color? Really!?” I think I typically avoid it because it makes me think of my sister’s 90’s-tastic, satin, puffy-sleeved, royal blue prom dress that I used to parade around the house in when I was 7.  But when I was asked to team up with Piperlime, one of my favorite websites, I thought, there’s no better time to rock the color. There was something about the way the blue of this dress matches the blue of this coat perfectly. And the way it went from business casual to cheeky and darling with the addition some lacy socks (my favorite accessory these days). But the best part? These shoes.  Yes. They’re happening. And they’re perfect.  Which falls in line nicely with the rest of Piperlime’s new …everything? I’m drooling over this blouse, skirt, sweater, and romper (just to name a few). Shop all my favorites below!    Dress: Sunday in Brooklyn via Piperlime (c/o), Shoes: Dolce Vita via Piperlime (c/o), Coat: Forever 21, Socks: Forever 21, Necklace: House of Harlow (similar), Ring: Ariella via Nordstrom Rack, Purse: Rebecca Minkoff (similar)      Shop Blue:   Shop other Piperlime favorites:   Filed Under: Style  
Katie says  November 30, -0001 at 12:00 am Jess you look absolutely stunning! I am in love with this whole outfit  xoxo, Katie rosyandpolished.blogspot.com 
jess keys says  October 28, 2014 at 1:52 am Aww thank you Katie!! 
Jess Zimlich says  October 17, 2014 at 1:42 pm My closet is filled with royal blue…and this is just feeding the addiction to the color! You pull those socks off so well. They remind me of a pair of white ones I wore when I was younger. I love that they’re back  
jess keys says  October 17, 2014 at 1:53 pm OMG Jess you just brought me back in time. You’re right! Those little white socks — did you wear yours with patent leather buckle shoes too? 
Hollyn says  October 17, 2014 at 3:27 pm Beautiful photos! The blue coat looks gorgeous and now I totally want one! Have a great weekend Jess!xoHollyn 
Maya McDonald says  October 17, 2014 at 3:46 pm You’re so stinking cute! Let’s be besties 4eva. 
Katie says  October 18, 2014 at 12:45 am Jess you look absolutely stunning! I am in love with this whole outfit  xoxo, Katie rosyandpolished.blogspot.com 
Kelly says  October 19, 2014 at 2:53 am Absolutely beautiful! Loveeeeee!  xxKelly | <a href="http://kellyinthecity.com/">Kelly in the City</a> 
jess keys says  October 28, 2014 at 1:52 am I was so lucky to have the best companion there to shoot with me  
Sarah says  October 28, 2014 at 1:35 am Might I ask what size you have in that coat? You inspired me to order one but I’m not sure which size I would be! 
jess keys says  October 28, 2014 at 1:38 am Hi Sarah!  I’m actually wearing a medium in this coat, but it’s big (I usually wear a small). I was just so smitten with the color that I didn’t mind it being a bit oversized (you can’t tell unless you button it, and I don’t usually button my coats anyway! The medium was the only size left in the store.)  I would say it runs a little larger than usual, so definitely order true to size or even a size down. I LOVE it. Its such a steal and looks like a total luxury purchase   Let me know how you like it!  xox Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Brown Flats, Flat Silver Shoes, Black Pumps Shoes, Black Graphic Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 30, 2015  Coat: Barbour (runs small, be sure to size up! I typically wear a 0 or 2 in coats, but I’m a 4 in Barbour, to give you an idea. Also love this navy quilted version which is only $175.) // Shoes: Andre Assous from Nordstrom (currently 35% off!) // Sweater: c/o Barbour (sold out) // Bag: Hayden Harnet (old, identical here in gold and silver and under $100!) // Jeans: Henry & Belle (sold out, but similar here. If you’re in the market for jeans, I also love love this brand, and this brand.) // Scarf: Vintage (but love this one!) // Bracelet: Barney’s, Busywrist, and J.Crew (Who is having a crazy 40% off sale, by the way!)  I love the West Town neighborhood. It’s kind of like old school Wicker Park: up and coming, gritty, and an eclectic mix of literally everything–some great vintage shopping, excellent restaurants, plenty of dive bars to get lost in. It’s a Chicago neighborhood that doesn’t often get a lot of attention, but it really should–it’s one of my favorites! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 So when Scotchgard Brand invited me to come along with them to the West Town Art Walk a couple months back for their “Things We Love” project, I was all over it! They set up their awesome set and demonstration booth, which essentially showed how Scotchgard Protector really works and causes liquids to bead up and run off of the protected surface. (Science! So cool.) This is the perfect solution to help protect the thing you love – because when you love something, you definitely want to make it last!  They also filmed some pretty great videos with local Chicagoans sharing personal stories of the possessions they love and how Scotchgard Protector can help protect them everyday. (We got to be in them, too! More on those later!) Neal, being the amazing sport that he is, tagged along with me for the day, and got an impromptu moment on camera, too! (He was awesome.)  It a chilly day that called for my go-to Barbour coat, a silk scarf, and suede booties (that I was sure to protect and weatherproof with Scotchgard Suede & Nubuck Protector before setting foot outside, thankfully, because it started raining!) You can read more about how to weatherproof your suede boots in this post. If you’re also planning to hit the West Town area yourself, don’t miss these favorite spots: Seek Vintage, Dovetail Vintage, Antique Taco, Five Star, and Root’s Pizza.       
Stay tuned for another post on how to protect your most loved items from the weather, spills and stains. If you haven’t seen them yet, check out: How to Party Proof Your Home (AKA how to protect your sofa and rug from terrible things like red wine and coffee stains!) How to Weatherproof Your Suede Boots (How I avoid my favorite suede boots falling victim to crazy #Chiberia weather, AKA what you Chicagoans are witnessing outside as we speak.)  Stay safe in the snow today!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

This post was sponsored by Scotchgard Brand, a brand I love and use often. All opinions are 100% my own. Thank you for supporting the brands and companies that help support GG!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Lauren Nolan says  December 30, 2015 at 10:38 am Ahh this is so cool! And I miss your cute face!! Hope your holidays have been awesome!!! PS… those booties are very tempting 
xoxo,
Lauren at http://www.lakeshorelady.com/ 
SarahLagen says  December 30, 2015 at 11:00 am Jess!! This is like 2 blocks away from my apartment! We love living in West Town, there are so many cute places that I’m discovering all the time!! Next time you and Neil come to the ‘hood you’ll have to let me know so we can all grab a drink!! Happy NYE girl!!  xo, Sarah
http://www.thekissingboothblog.com 
Monica says  December 30, 2015 at 11:29 am Great post!!! I love how you paired the muted earth tones of the Barbour with the metallic bag and those lovely bracelets. I am so happy I found your blog.
-Monica
http://www.careofmon.wordpress.com 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  December 30, 2015 at 8:02 pm Too cute! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop No Heel Wedges, Black Gowns, Gowns Dresses, White Pumps Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 23, 2014        



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Dress: Kelli & Talulah from Neiman Marcus (c/o), Purse: Vince Camuto from Neiman Marcus (c/o), Shoes: Badgley Mischka (sold out, similar below), Necklace: Accessory Mercado (c/o) There are few things I enjoy more than a dressy date night in the summer. Whether you’re on vacation, or stay-cation, there’s nothing better than a patio, a couple seasonal cocktails, and the perfect flowing, feminine frock.  If it’s your weekend getaway or just your hometown, Chicago is one of the best places for the occasion. With dozens of alfresco dining options, it’s hard to choose just one. But the perfect outfit? That one is simple! And I am so excited to pair with Neiman Marcus to bring you the recipe for an ideal summer date night outfit. The equation is simple. Take one part flirty dress, add some glitzy gladiators, a great bag, and finish off with some beachy tresses. You’ll have a look that is effortless-glam perfection. I love this dress from Kelli + Talulah and Vince Camuto crossbody — they’re as easy to dress up as they are to dress down. To help you plan a Chicago summer date that is sure to please, scroll below for a roundup of my favorite local hot spots, and the perfect outfits to go along with them!  Zed451: Where this shoot took place! They make a mean Prosecco cocktail, and their “woodsy-chic” patio provides a cool escape from the concrete jungle. This place is not to be missed! J. Parker: Hotel Lincoln’s rooftop, serving up some of the best views in Lincoln Park, an excellent Sidecar, and bites from downstairs favorite, Perennial Virant. Athena: You’ll truly feel at home at this Greektown eatery. I’ve never met a gyro I didn’t like, but Athena offers something truly unique. Not only do they make you feel like you’re pulling up a seat at the family table, but their huge outdoor patio makes this place ideal for group dinners, and the views of the skyline from this West Loop spot do not disappoint! Piccolo Sogno: With their garden patio and incredible Italian fare, it’s no wonder this place is often referred to as the most romantic date spot in the city. RM Champagne Salon: While we’re on the topic of romance, I recently stopped by RM Champagne Salon and fell in love with their incredibly romantic, rustic-chic patio. III Forks: This is one of me and Neal’s favorite spots of them all. Located in the loop, it’s often forgot about on the weekends! If you’re wanting a steakhouse with a view, look no further than III Forks. City Winery: Chicago’s first working winery located in the West Loop. Although one would think it would be jam packed with tourists and locals alike, I don’t think the masses have caught on to what a true experience this place is. Fantastic burrata and an amazing selections of wine (on tap!) In addition to their spacious patio, be sure to check out their concert hall for an ever-changing rotation of blues, country, comedy, and pretty much anything in between! Drumbar: Not far from the Hancock is another swanky (perhaps, the swankiest of them all) rooftop cocktail lounge. If you’re looking for some of the best drinks in the city, this place should be at the top of your list. 52Eighty: You’ll remember my raving reviews about this place a few weeks back. As the highest rooftop in the city, you can’t go wrong with this River North lounge atop the MileNorth hotel. 90 Miles Cuban Cafe: Ridiculously delicious Cuban food, BYOB, and an even better patio make this a perfect, affordable date night option. This is one of my all time favorite spots in the summer! Troquet: A little known spot in River North, but it’s a great one. This little place attached to Hotel Felix boasts excellent French fair and a great patio. Never too crowded, this is great for an impromptu meal. Be sure to check out my friends Jessi from The Darling Detail, Merrick from Merrick’s Art, Liz from Sequins & Stripes, Krystal from A Pinch of Lovely, Kat from With Love From Kat, and Amy from Dallas Wardrobe styled their amazing summer date night looks from Neiman Marcus on Stylelist.com! Compensation for this post was provided by Neiman Marcus. via AOL Media.  The opinions expressed herein are those of the author and are not indicative of the opinions or positions of Neiman Marcus or AOL.  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
lauren says  June 23, 2014 at 2:15 pm Love love that maxi, and love love zed’s rooftop! It’s one of our favorite spots for work happy hours, just a matter of getting there before the rush!  x. laurenchampagneandchambray.com 
lauren says  June 23, 2014 at 2:15 pm Love love that maxi, and love love zed’s rooftop! It’s one of our favorite spots for work happy hours, just a matter of getting there before the rush!  x. lauren 
jess keys says  June 24, 2014 at 12:33 pm Thanks, Lauren!! I know, it can get packed pretty quickly! Definitely one of my favorite spots too  
Erica Ellis says  June 29, 2014 at 7:06 pm Love your list of date night places in Chicago! Kelsey and I are always looking for new places to take our guys  hope to meet you soon! Xo, Erica (www.sequinsareagirlsbestfriend.com) Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Bodysuits, Formal Gowns, High Waist Flare Pants, Cutout Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 14, 2016     Wrap coat: old but identical here, and also similar here (I also love this camel version! So pretty! There I go on the camel again.) // Suede mini skirt: also old, but Madewell makes an even cuter version. (They keep re-stocking and then selling back out, so if you don’t see your size, check back frequently!) There’s also this version from Nordstrom, which is a more minimal design, without the snap front! I also love this dark wine colored scalloped version!) // OTK boots: Blondo (they’re waterproof, too!), I tried this pair on as well, but they were too wide for me–they would be great for normal calves!) // Camel Sweater: Nordstrom (it’s only $39 and SO SOFT!) It comes in a dark hunter green, black, and grey, too! Leopard Clutch: Nordstrom (also comes in a non-fold-over version!) // Lipstick: MAC “Lady Danger” (part of this adorable 4 mini’s kit!) // Jewelry: Kendra Scott Candice Cuff and Elton Cuff bracelets 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   There’s something about seventies fashion I’ve always been drawn to. (Think more of the classic elements, less the hippie boho parts). It reminds me of my parents wedding photos and how my mom looked so doe-eyed and beautiful. She obviously wasn’t wearing any suede mini skirts or over the knee boots, but something about her classic beauty makes me nostalgic for that time period. Maybe that’s why I’m so drawn to classics–they make me feel like I’m part of another era! I put this outfit together on accident, actually, but I was experimenting and it just clicked. I felt like I had stepped out of the original Charlie’s Angel’s. I love the combination of camel (a color that always makes you look chic and pulled together, and if we’re being honest–expensive ;-P) with black and brown. I’ve been wearing this sweater constantly–it’s so soft, I even convinced Kelly to get it, haha! (We’re the worst influences on one another). She sent me a picture of she and Emma over the weekend and I wrote back (all caps, obviously): “DID YOU BUY THE CAMEL SWEATER?!” She texted back: “It’s so amazing!! It feels like cashmere but it’s WASHABLE!” (I couldn’t have said it better myself!) Last week’s camel sweater discussion also sparked a conversation about sweater length. It’s a little cropped, so it’s perfect for tucking in! You see, I’m a big advocate of the front tuck, side tuck, or total tuck when it comes to sweaters, because not doing so makes me feel like a rectangular sausage with no waist. If you want to instantly make yourself look thinner, tuck in your sweater. It’s an easy way to define your waist and look more put-together. This is another reason why I love high-rise jeans. They make your legs look longer, and when you tuck in your sweater–BAM. So much more flattering than the low-rise jeans + non-tucked sweater alternative. Kelly has NOT been a fan of this combination in the past, swearing it’s not for her and that she didn’t like “short sweaters” (????….You know when your friend has strange quirks about certain things and you have to straight up tell her she’s a WEIRDO?) But then I convinced her to try this one, DESPITE the fact that it was not a “long sweater” and she was quick to jump on my bandwagon  Anyway, this magical sweater is only $39, and comes in several different colors. If you’ve been looking for a great sweater as a gift, I can’t say enough good things. All this babbling on and on about it, I’m tempted to go put it back on, I miss it so much. (Even though I wore it yesterday. And two days before that, and then 3 times the week before that.) Shop all sweater colors (only $39!)    Okay, moving ON. These boots? I’m a broken record, you guys. I KNOW. But they’re so amazing, such a great price, and are starting to sell out, so if you’ve been wanting a pair of OTK boots this season, jump on them before they’re gone! I wear them multiple times per week, and if you have narrow calves like me–this is the one pair that will ACTUALLY fit. I also really love my suede skirt (similar version here)– I got it years ago and never imagined I’d get as much wear out of it as I do. It looks really cute with tights for winter, and great with lace-up wedges in fall. In other news, I got to Oregon last night! I love it here in the winter. It’s so pretty when there’s snow on the ground! I’m so glad I got my Canada Goose just in time for these basically negative temps. I’ve been wearing that and my Sorel Slimpack boots, and this tartan scarf and gloves like a uniform both in Chicago and now here in Oregon!     Photos by Julie Kennedy  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Diana Pearl says  December 14, 2016 at 11:28 am I agree, I love the sweater tuck! (Really, the anything tuck!) Seriously about to purchase this one… x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Britney says  December 14, 2016 at 2:10 pm Love this outfit! The neutrals are great! Hope you’re having all the fun snuggling your niece! I love new babies.  
Devon says  December 14, 2016 at 3:55 pm This look is so cute Jess! I’m obsessed with camel right now and I love how both these pieces look together. And I think you sold me on the sweater!!  xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Sandeep says  December 21, 2016 at 12:59 am Style, elegance and beauty personified. This is a beautiful
outfit, loved it. Also check out amazing designer v neck, cardigan and cashmere
sweaters and shawls from the house of AprilMarin. Check out https://www.aprilmarin.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Clutches, Gowns For Sale, Shoe Wedges On Sale, Black Graphic Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 31, 2016  (Click on the items to shop them above!) There’s something about the changing of seasons that makes you want to plan a getaway, right? As I’m writing this, there are about a hundred little mini-destinations rolling through my head. (Michigan wine country? Milwaukee? Nashville? Hmmm…)  Naturally, the best part about planning a vacation is deciding what to pack! I’ve rounded up my favorite fall vacation-inspired essentials above, but let’s talk about some of the stand-outs in detail, shall we?  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 Mules have been attempting to make their way into the mainstream for a couple years now, and I think they’ve finally arrived. I love the easy of the slip-on, slip-off, which makes them especially perfect for travel. (Be it for airport security or bare feet on the dashboard!) They come in flats and heel varieties, but naturally, I gravitate toward comfort   It’s no secret that I love a good chambray top–but chambray dresses make getting dressed even easier! I love this boho version with tassels (it’s on sale for $80!) but they’re pretty unbeatable in all varieties, and they’re idea for that summer-to-fall transition period.  To replace the straw wide-brim beach hats of summer, there are felt, suede, and wool alternatives for fall! They add a lot of personality to any outfit, keep you warm, and are equally as adorable as their summery sisters.  Did you really think I wasn’t going to sneak some sort of scarf in here? I wear my bandana non-stop year-round, but it’s really most perfect for fall. Red is the classic go-to, but I love the more coral-y hues of this one!  My latest beauty obsession is plum lip balm! Plum hues are very big for fall, and I love how it’s dramatic, yet such a fun switch-up from my usual red!    What’s on your fall vacation essentials list?  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Britney says  August 31, 2016 at 10:58 am Love your pics, lady! Also, you should definitely do a wine tour in Michigan. We go every fall to Traverse City to taste our favorites! 
Kristina Anderson says  August 31, 2016 at 12:32 pm Michigan wine country sounds like a fun weekend, I want to go! Loving the chambray dress  Kristina does the Internets 
Emma says  August 31, 2016 at 7:54 pm Michigan is so beautiful in the fall, definitely a good spot to visit! And on the topic of lip color i.e. the best topic, Glossier makes an amazing plum lip color! You can layer the color so the more you put on the darker it is and omg I am loving it, so many options in one tube. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Camis And Tanks, Black Booties Shoes, Mini Satchels, Red Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 19, 2019  Happy Tuesday!  Guess what is just over a week away?! Thanksgiving! Are you guys ready?! I’m not sure where this fall season has gone! I’m looking forward to spending quality time with family, enjoying ALL the yummy food, and taking time to appreciate the holiday season before the real madness begins. Need outfit ideas? Whether you’re traveling, staying in town, doing it up fancy, or snuggling in for a more casual feast, I rounded up outfit ideas that are both cute and comfortable — essential for post meal time! Without further ado, cozy Thanksgiving outfit inspiration!  Mustard is one of my favorite fall colors! How festive is this mustard on mustard look from Everlane? I love this Oversized Alpaca Crew (runs big, I’m wearing an XS) and these Corduroy Straight Leg Crops (TTS) are so ’70s and modern at the same time! Bonus: they’re insanely warm. I paired this monochromatic look with Ecru Day Booties to lighten it up, and I love how they add a vintage nod to any look! GET THE LOOK:   This outfit follows one of my biggest pieces of fashion advice when searching for ideas: Mix multiple contrasting styles together–so, a feminine sweater with a bit more edgy leather leggings, and classic riding boots (similar here and here!) This tie sleeve sweater is several years old but this Free People tunic sweater is similar and all my friends that have it RAVE about it! You can also get a similar look with my fave Dudley Stephens Cobble Hill fleece tunic! (Go a size up in that one if you’re in between, I wear a small!) GET THE LOOK:   This look is perfect for midday football or post-feast walks around the neighborhood. This Barbour Liner Vest is so classic, and I love how it looks over this sweater (sold out, similar look here). I paired it with my favorite Everlane denim and Chelsea boots (old, love this similar pair from Everlane!) GET THE LOOK:   Is there a more perfect occasion to wear a cape or poncho than Thanksgiving?! I love this plaid cape scarf and this rainbow plaid option! I never tire of pairing plaid and stripes together. Also, I think it always results in a really fun, interesting combination. Style with a pair of flattering, high-waisted skinny jeans, and some classic booties (mine are old, love this similar pair!) GET THE LOOK:  I had to include an outfit featuring this Dudley Stephens Park Slope Turtleneck as it’s the coziest, warmest piece. These colors look so sophisticated and festive together, and the headband (similar) adds a fun flair! I love the way sock booties look with my favorite wide leg crops – it’s a great combo to play with proportions! GET THE LOOK:   This dress is SO flattering and so comfy AND comes in a bunch of colors! There is also a sleeveless version which is great for layering as well. Wear it with a plaid scarf and some cute booties (these are old, but here is the newer version!) Dress sizing tip: go up a size if you want it to be looser (like it is here, I’m wearing a small)–stay true to size if you’d like it to be more form fitting. GET THE LOOK:  You can’t go wrong in an all-black look with a pop of leopard! Bonus points for ponte pants! Like a thicker, sturdier, dressier legging–ponte pants are totally appropriate for a Thanksgiving look and are still comfortable. This chunky black turtleneck sweater is old from Everlane but this Topshop version (on sale!) is similar and also super cute! If you want something a bit more form-fitting, I would highly recommend Everlane’s Cashmere Turtleneck! I also chose to pair this all-black ensemble with my favorite leopard loafers for a pop of pattern, but if it’s too cold to wear loafers, you can totally wear this with boots (I just got these leopard J.Crew booties and I have worn them SO much! Or for a more budget-friendly option, these leopard booties are on sale!  GET THE LOOK:    A suede, leather, or corduroy skirt are all great ways to add some festive texture to your look. I love this suede miniskirt (old, similar here) paired with OTK boots (more affordable option here). And I kept it cozy and casual on top with a striped long-sleeved top and a cashmere wrap (similar). I love that these colors are all pretty neutral, which makes the textures really pop! GET THE LOOK:   Could this look be any cozier?! I love the texture and slouchy fit of this Chicwish Cardigan (TTS) and how it elevates the classic combo of a J.Crew Tissue Turtleneck, Everlane Cheeky Straight Jeans and Day Boots. (TTS) GET THE LOOK:   I took this “grandpa-style” sweater (old, love this one!) and juxtaposed it with a little big of femininity and edge with this lace cami (love this new version!) and faux leather leggings with pebble texture. I love how they all work together! My exact Blondo booties are sold out (similar pairs here and here!) GET THE LOOK:   I love the comfort to dressy ratio of this look! The cowl-neck top is so cozy (this similar version converts to an over-the-shoulder sweater too! and here and here), and I love how it dresses down a faux leather miniskirt (similar here). I paired it with my Stuart Weitzman Lowland Boots,(I know these aren’t in the budget for everyone- more affordable option here!) GET THE LOOK:   I love how the rich colors and textures make this look so festive for the fall season!  I adore this Leith longline cardigan (comes in 4 colors!) because the knit isn’t too heavy or hot, so it makes an ideal transitional piece that makes every outfit look so much more intentional and chic! Sizing: Runs a little big, go a size down if you’re in between. Pair it with a plaid flannel (comes in 8 beautiful colorways!), a corduroy skirt and suede booties (similar here and here)! GET THE LOOK:     Another way to rock this plaid flannel and longline cardigan? Add faux leather leggings (Size up if you’re in between sizes) and loafers! (Order a 1/2 size down). Check out these budget-friendly dupes, too! This look is the epitome of comfortable chic – perfect for a full day of Thanksgiving activities. GET THE LOOK:     Style leather leggings in a classic, cozy way with a cashmere sweater (on sale!), a plaid scarf and chic beret! I love the way my OTK Blondo Boots tone down faux leather leggings and pull the look together. I added my Barbour Quilted Beadnell (runs TTS!) for extra warmth. Want more beret style ideas? Check out 4 Ways to wear a beret!  GET THE LOOK:     Chunky cardigans are perfect for thanksgiving style! I love them layered over a top or buttoned up with a pair of jeans like I did here! This Everlane Chunky Cardigan Sweater is so cozy (and TTS!) I Paired it with my my favorite fall/winter denim — the Everlane Cheeky Straight Jean (TTS) and my absolute favorite Everlane Day Boots. Lastly, add a scarf in your hair for a little flair! GET THE LOOK:     Play with proportions with OTK boots, this Lord & Taylor cashmere sweater (on sale!), a corduroy skirt and a lightweight plaid scarf (on sale & comes in white!) Blondo boots are my #1 go-tos for the fall and winter months. They’ll keep you warm and dry and still look amazing! GET THE LOOK:    SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style Tagged With: casual thanksgiving outfits 
Kate McCarthy says  November 20, 2017 at 2:10 pm What size did you get in the grey off the shoulder/cowl neck sweater? 
Kelly says  November 19, 2019 at 1:52 pm I just bought my TJ’s book!! Best holiday gift for loved ones too! Thank you! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gowns Dresses, Black Heel Booties, Hanky Panky Panties, Boxes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 6, 2014   My favorite part about spring weather is that it calls for a lot of mixing styles due to unpredictable weather (I’m embracing it, okay?) This outfit was one of those examples. Perfect for meandering through construction zones while snapping photos. (Which is totally normal?) This short striped t-shirt dress is always my go-to for a casual Saturday (also styled here), paired with my favorite long, lightweight trench coat (which you’ll remember from this shoot). These canvas slip-ons from are my newest obsession. I love the slight platform, which gives off a modern 90’s vibe. (That’s a thing, I decided.) They’re popping up everywhere now, and are so comfortable, you need to snag yourself a pair ASAP.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   P.S. Have you noticed that my hair looks extremely, uncharacteristically awesome in these photos (as in, not a messy mop)? It’s because these were snapped right after I left George The Salon. I was loving my silk veil blowout! If you haven’t heard of it, read more about it here. I suggest you book yourself an appointment immediately!   Shoes: H&M (similar below) Trench: Zara (similar below) Dress: Forever 21 (similar below), Necklace: My Grandmother’s. Hair styled c/o George The Salon Shop “Under Construction”   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Aurlie says  June 6, 2014 at 11:07 pm So comfy  I should take a look at Forever 21, you seemed to find lovely pieces there. After de pink dress and the skirt, this stripped one ! 
The Provoker says  June 7, 2014 at 3:09 am You’re right, the hair does look flawless here, the right silkiness, the right curls, fab, and omg the trench is flawless, and hooray for rocking flats and a great tote!!!! Glad I clicked on your comment on ATLANTIC PACIFIC’s blog and got led back here to yours. Your blog’s pics and layouts are great too, keep it up! Just followed on GFC and bloglovin’ <3 I just posted my version of a FRENCH CHIC BIRTHDAY ensemble, with a really cool neckerchief, ALEXANDER WANG leather cut out trousers, ACNE blazer and clutch, it’s one of my MOST popular and coolest looks, it would mean lot to me if you comment on it, MERCI BEAUCOUP! #FRENCH xx The Provoker<b>http://www.the-provoker.com/2014/06/formulating-french.html</b&gt; 
Jess Zimlich says  June 9, 2014 at 7:21 pm I’m loving all of the striped dresses I’ve been seeing lately! I’m excited to start following along with your blog  
Jess Zimlich says  June 9, 2014 at 7:21 pm I’m loving all of the striped dresses I’ve been seeing lately! I’m excited to start following along with your blog  <a href="http://26andnotcounting.com">26 and Not Counting</a> 
jess keys says  June 10, 2014 at 2:17 pm Thank you so much, Jess! I’m so happy to have you following along!! 
Peyton Taylor says  June 10, 2014 at 4:45 pm Love this look on you! So cute! XoPeyton <a href="http://www.perfectlytayloredblog.com">perfectlytayloredblog.com</a&gt; 
jess keys says  June 13, 2014 at 12:56 pm Aw, thank you Peyton!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Colored Denim Jeans, Black Blouses, Lingerie Panties, Dress Pumps and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 27, 2014  Remember when I mentioned a great upcoming feature for The Everygirl I was working on last weekend here? Well, it’s live! We’re talking about March Madness style — showing you 5 new ways to style that ol’ college tee. Be sure to check out the entire article complete with tons of savvy tips from the lovely ladies you see below!    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
          Filed Under: Style  
Ali Bronska says  February 27, 2014 at 2:22 pm Thanks for sharing Jess!! You did a great job!!  xo- Ali 
Valerie C says  February 27, 2014 at 4:51 pm it looks amazing! you did such a wonderful job!! xx, valerie Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Short Sleeve Dresses, Black Pumps Heels, Black Clutches, Off Shoulder Black Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 30, 2018  Now is the time of year when we tend to run around before any {insert brunch, house party, happy hour, gift exchange, whatever} and say, “But I have nothing FESTIVE to wear!” Am I right? (I do this EVERY year ?) Because really, how many times can you wear that one red sweater!? Today I thought it would be fun to share the go-to all black outfit I’ve been wearing lately, along with three different ways you can mix it up with pops of red to make it feel festive and fun for the holidays! (No fair isle sweater necessary–although, I do love those.) First, let’s start with the base outfit: You’ll recognize both of these items from my Capsule Wardrobe Guide! I can’t tell you how many times I’ve thrown on this combination in the last month ?It’s perfect for pretty much any occasion here in Chicago–there isn’t anywhere a chic black on black outfit isn’t ideal for. This comes in other colors too, but I love how black is so easy to dress up when needed. It’s very oversized, so I’d recommend sizing down. I like that it’s a little longer in length (which is nice to wear with leggings) but I can also do a little front tuck with it when I’m feeling like it. (I think it looks more put together and flattering that way!) It’s also SO. SOFT. It’s warm (but doesn’t make you overheat) and not remotely itchy! Also, if you ARE looking for a red turtleneck, it does, in fact, come in red. ? If you’ve been wanting to try a non skinny pant, but can’t get behind the straight/wide leg crops yet, these are a perfect solution. I think they’re even MORE flattering than skinny jeans–the denim they’re made from is truly unlike anything else–they are super stretchy but very sturdy and thick, so they flatter you in all the right places. The straight, cropped leg also elongates your legs–plus, I think they look a lot nicer than most black jeans, so they’re great for work, too! These run true to size, so order your normal jean size that you would anywhere else. Also, if this cut isn’t your thing, I really love their authentic stretch skinny jeans as well! They run snug but not snug enough that you need to size up–order your regular size! If you want to make this outfit a little dressier–say, for a more upscale party or for the office, I HIGHLY recommend Everlane’s Easy Pants! They’re wrinkle-resistant, made of this really cool and comfortable fabric–and best of all, are loose enough all you to eat all the holiday snacks  They run true to size and come in multiple colors! This whole outfit is from Everlane–which is my favorite clothing brand. Everything they make is really high quality, a great price, and they are a company with very high integrity–they only partner with the most ethical factories, and instead of sales, they run fundraisers to help make the world a cleaner place. They also share how much it costs to make their products, how much they mark them up, and what each item would cost in a traditional retail model. Since Everlane cuts out the middleman, we get to buy higher quality goods for much cheaper prices! (You can find more of these details on their About page!) Anyway, you already know my love affair for Everlane, so let’s jump into three lazy girl ways to make this outfit fit for an holiday function–from dressy, to casual!   The ULTIMATE lazy girl move–but one that I do often (and one that gets much respect ?) the olllddddd festive earring trick. Works EVERY time! Sure, this chunky turtleneck and black jeans are great for grabbing a Saturday coffee with your friends, but know what else is great about this duo? They can be dressed up for a holiday gift exchange with a festive earring (I also love this pair and this pair!) and a pair of heels (the ones I’m wearing here are old, but Everlane’s Day Heels are my #1 recommendation and they are SO comfortable!) BOOM. Simple, but significant. Who knew!?    I absolutely love this outfit, which is again, great for work if you work in a casual environment (because the loafers add just the right amount of polish!) or the weekend–just add a plaid scarf! The key to finding a plaid scarf that ties in with your outfit is to choose a scarf that contains the same “anchor color” as the outfit you’re wearing. The scarf I’m wearing here has subtle lines of black/grey in the plaid pattern along with the green and red, so it goes perfectly with a black outfit! Speaking of the loafers, I really love these shoes. The shape of them is more unique and I personally think it makes them easier to dress up (especially for work) because the toe is pointed and the overall shape is very chic. Sometimes a round-toed loafer can look too casual or, when paired with certain things, just frumpy–that doesn’t happen with these loafers! Additionally, the leather is much stiffer and sturdier (vs a buttery leather) so while this takes longer to break them in, they’ll also last forever too! They’re much harder to scratch and scuff, and won’t crease or wrinkle if you get caught in a rain storm. Sizing: I would recommend ordering a 1/2 size up because they do run a bit small.     You know I can’t resist a good beret ?they are the perfect hat to wear when don’t have time to wash your hair because it’s part of your outfit and you don’t take it off when you get inside ?Seriously though, I can’t think of a cuter way to spice up your outfit–it’s the perfect dose of red to take the perfect black sweater and jeans from “everyday” to “holiday.” Also, have I convinced you to buy these booties yet!? They’re Everlane’s “Day Boots”–which are the boot version of my favorite Day Heels (which I wore out each night in Italy and walked A LOT in with zero pain!) wore them multiple days in a row in Portugal, walking in them all day every day, and I didn’t have one blister. They are truly the most comfortable boots! They come in lot’s of other colors and if you are looking to buy any new ankle boots this season, these are my #1 recco! Shop this post:    This post is sponsored by my favorite brand, Everlane! Thank you so much for supporting the brands I love and that allow me to keep producing the best content possible for my favorite people–YOU!  P.S. If you’re looking for links to my shelves/frames, you can find them in this post!  Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Taylor says  November 30, 2018 at 10:05 am Love all three of these looks! I am currently 7 months pregnant buying festive outfits just doesn’t seem worth it at this point so I love ways to festively dress up the basics I already have! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
samuel john says  December 9, 2018 at 12:50 am Amazing concerns here. I am really thankful to look your post. Thank you a lot and I’m taking a look forward to touch you. Will you please drop me an email? 
Linda says  February 12, 2019 at 11:15 pm Love this look! Wow! ?? xxx, Linda
http://bestwalletreview.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heel Sandals, Black Pj Sets, Sleeveless Dresses, White Tank Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 26, 2017   Dress: Nordstrom (On sale, 40% off for $47!) Similar here and here, too! Runs true to size! // Shoes: Steve Madden–also come in light beige and black! (Also true to size!) Halogen also makes an identical pair in the same colors! I love this flats version, and these are also similar with a lower, wood heel! // Bag: Mar Y Sol–similar styles here, here (how cute are the tassels?!) and here! // Makeup: Burberry Fresh Glow Fluid base + Fresh Glow Foundation + Fresh Glow Under eye concealer + Earthy Blush, Charlotte Tilbury Mascara, MAC matte lipstick in Red // Bracelet: c/o Kendra Scott // Sunnies: B.P. at Nordstrom (not available online yet, but keep checking back! BP has the best sunglasses that are like $12!) // Nail polish: Essie Gel Polish in “Rock the Runway”  YOU GUYS! Long weekend! Ahhhhhhh! (Happy Friday, by the way.) I’m so excited! Can you believe that it’s Memorial Day weekend already? This exact day last year, we had been engaged for a full week, and Neal surprised me by flying my mom in for Memorial Day Weekend! (If you haven’t read our engagement post yet, you can read it right here! Ugh, he’s the cutest.) Another fun fact: Until like 2 months ago, Kelly had thought our wedding was on Memorial Day weekend because she got it mixed up with Labor Day. OH KELLY. Today I’m excited for a few reasons: Reason #1: One of my best friends (and bridesmaids!) Melissa just got engaged!!! Eeeeee! Ahhhhh! He proposed in AUSTRIA nbd. Way to go Tyler! I can’t wait to celebrate when she gets home! Reason #2: I’m getting a hair cut. I am SO BAD at getting hair cuts. Mostly because I’m lazy and time gets away from me, so I really only go in every six months. (Whoops.) But it’s getting bad and stringy and needs a hefty trim. (I’m not cutting TOO much off, don’t worry!) I go to Stacia at Sine Qua Non–which is my favorite salon ever. They do such a good job, the salon is gorgeous and everyone who works there is so friendly! (Plus, it’s the only place in the city where you can get a cut and basic blow-dry for less than $60! No–they don’t pay me–I just love them that much!) Reason #3: We’re taking off for the lake house immediately after! Memorial Day at the lake is always so fun. Lot’s of fun times with family, relaxing on the beach, and BBQ’s! What are you doing for Memorial Day Weekend? Anyway–Kelly and I stopped by the Nordstrom sale earlier this week and found ALL THE THINGS. This sale is a really good one–I’ll be sharing all my finds over the next few days (the sale runs through June 4th, but all the good stuff is going fast! Secretly hoping it doesn’t all sell out before I can post the photos, haha!) I’ve linked everything I bought, including all my sale finds (and what I styled them with) right here in this Liketoknow.it post if you want to get a sneak peak! (Also, if you’re looking to do any shopping this weekend, I’ve listed a few of my favorite sales happening below!) This dress is one of my favorite finds! It’s 40% off for a whopping $47 –pretty great deal, don’t you think!? I love the lightweight material which is really breezy and it will be perfect for hot summer days! (It runs true to size!) Then there’s this Mar Y Sol bag. Have you heard of Mar Y Sol? If not, you’ve likely seen their bags everywhere! I love all of them so much! So many pom poms and tassels! You can shop ’em all right here. These slides also make any outfit look really chic and polished. They’re really comfy, too! Shop more of my favorite on-sale dresses + Mar Y Sol bags + my favorite slides:    I also get a lot of questions on my nail polish! I pretttty much wear this color on repeat. (I’m a red nail polish girl, through and through!) It’s Essie’s Gel polish in “Rock the Runway“–I love it SO much and it really does stay on so much longer than regular nail polish. It’s not as good as no-chip at a salon, but it can usually get me through a couple days without chipping! (It’s also very festive for Memorial Day weekend, don’t you think!?)         I hope you have the BEST weekend ever and take plenty of time off to relax! (Make sure to check back on Monday for a new post!)  BLOOMINGDALES: 60% off! If you’ve been searching for anything to add to your summer wardrobe, you should probably look here first  Lot’s of cute dresses (especially for weddings!) and tons of jeans on sale, too! LOFT: 40% Off!  Use code VACAY at checkout! Loft has so many bright, colorful items right now that are perfect for kicking off summer. Shop some of my favorites: LOU & GREY: 30% off Sale Styles  A great place to stock up on comfy basics and summer sweaters! ASOS: 20% Off Use code LIT20 at checkout! TONS of awesome dresses, cute tops, swimwear, and shoes on sale. Everything is so affordable, too! URBAN OUTFITTERS: 50% off! Lot’s of great dresses + basics (including Levi’s Wedgie Jean shorts!) Sale includes Home too! ANN TAYLOR: 40% Off!  Use code SUMMER at checkout. Some of my favorites:  JCREW: 30% off!  Use code SWEET at checkout! SO many adorable things on sale, I can’t contain myself. Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Olivia says  May 26, 2017 at 7:40 am Loving this festive outfit, especially those red shoes! Enjoy your weekend! Baubles to Bubbles 
Diana Pearl says  May 26, 2017 at 7:53 am Such a cute dress, I almost ordered it last night (and DID actually order that romper you posted to Insta Stories!!)  x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Classic Catherine says  May 26, 2017 at 8:41 am I’m a red nail, red lip girl too! Ordering this polish. You look gorgeous! Have fun at the lake! We live on the East Coast now and are headed to the beach, but I’m a Midwestern girl and secretly prefer the lake. 
xoxo,
Classic Catherine 
Nicole Green says  May 26, 2017 at 3:35 pm SO gorgeous Jess! That straw tote is adorable.  I love that you’re such a red nail polish, red lipstick gal! 
Britney Crawley says  May 29, 2017 at 2:12 pm This is a great look, Jess! Fun to see the photos after seeing the insta-stories from you and Kelly!  
love me says  May 29, 2017 at 5:41 pm The post has been great Here is my website….Hope you like it…….. MirrorMirror.lk is Sri Lanka’s largest online Fashion store with over 5000 Products ranging from clothing to accessories… Clothing,Watches,Shoes,Handbags Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Flats, White And Blue Dresses, Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Gowns For Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 17, 2017  Happy Monday! OMG how wonderful was this weekend!? Sooo warm! I wore shorts. SHORTS, you guys! Saturday we biked over to Lincoln Park to our friends’ Hadley & Mike’s house and hung out with some of my college besties for a few hours during the afternoon. Then we biked back over to Wicker Park and met Shaheen and Trevor for dinner, and hung out on our front porch afterwords. Sunday was low-key and spent with family with plenty of time spent outside. Later this morning I’m hopping on my bike to ride to Soho House to meet Blair and Shaheen for a work date, and later on we’re meeting Kelly for dinner. Kelly and Shaheen were both out of town last week and it feels like we all haven’t hung out in forever, so I’m really excited! Also, exciting news: I’m headed to Dallas on Thursday for a blogger conference with Blair and Kelly! I’ve actually only been to Texas (Austin!) once before–isn’t that crazy? If you have any Dallas reccos, I’d love to hear them! Blair grew up there, so she has assured me our first stop will be her favorite taco spot. I’m counting down the days! Annyyywho, we haven’t done an Instagram round up here in awhile, have we? If you haven’t popped over there in awhile, I’m sharing my favorites + outfit details below!    What I wore on Saturday for our bike excursion! You saw me post about the shorts + sandals in this post. This was my first time really wearing the sandals all day and they were SO comfy. No breaking in necessary!  This shirt is insanely comfortable and I love the ruffle details on the shirt! It comes in several colors/variations and is sold on a couple different websites, so I’ve linked them all above!  You’ll recognize these shoes from this blog post! If you’re looking for some polished summer sandals that aren’t too high, I can’t recommend these enough! They come in ton’s of colors, too!
 The only thing that got me through that bad stretch of rainy weather we had earlier this month was my sunny yellow rain jacket and the fact that peony season has officially begun  Mine is the Barbour Trevose jacket, which is surprisingly warm for being so lightweight, and has a detachable hood. Their similar “Cirrus” jacket is $100 cheaper though! They also have a long version of it here!
 When the weather gets nicer, I’m always more inspired to get a little more creative with my makeup. I recently did a project with Natasha Denona and am obsessed with her highlighter products especially! You can see the recent beauty tutorial I did here.
 The cutest top ever! This is a behind the scenes snap but you can see how I styled it in the full blog post here.  I’ve been wearing these blue suede heels nonstop. For how high they are, they’re surprisingly comfortable (I mean, in like, high-heel terms.) The dusty blue color makes for a fun pop of personality but is surprisingly neutral, too! I also have been testing out Clinique’s new BIY foundation, which is really cool! You blend it with your regular face cream/lotion. The more drops you add, the more coverage you get. I like wearing it on minimal makeup days when I only need a little something on my face!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  I wandered into Urban Outfitters a few weeks back and saw this adorable dress on sale for only $39! FYI it runs slightly small, so err on the side of sizing up! Also, my favorite bow mules are back in stock and are so comfy they feel like slippers! They run TTS.  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney Crawley says  April 17, 2017 at 11:50 am The weather this past weekend was incredible! So gorgeous outside. Loving your insta style lately. Sounds like you have a fun trip this week- enjoy! 
Rachel Spross says  April 18, 2017 at 11:44 am So many great outfits! I just love your style. I love the pic with those beautiful flowers! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Long Sleeve Maxi Dresses, Black Graphic Tees, Blue Cocktail Dresses, Rebecca Taylor Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 22, 2017   Happy Thanksgiving Eve!! My mom has arrived and we all made it to the lake house late last night. Thus why my blog post is late this morning, haha. I didn’t have time to do it yesterday! I’m sitting here on my second cup of coffee enjoying the view of the woods and marsh through the kitchen window. I swear the sales start earlier and earlier every year. There is a lot of stuff marked down already! Nearly everything I’m wearing in today’s post is on sale (hooray!). I’m also listing a couple other favorite sales to shop and some highlighted items later on in the post. Make sure to keep checking back here often throughout the next several days, because I’ll be making frequent live sale updates every few hours, rounding up my favorite sale picks by category, and posting my favorite Black Friday gift guides!  SO–let’s jump in, shall we? Affordable Winter Parka: This coat from Michael Kors–on sale for under $150! It’s PACKABLE! Seriously, it smushes into a teeny tiny little bag to throw in your suitcase. I really like the color–it’s olive/gray. I would size up, the arms run snug.This would also make a really great gift for your mom or your sister. (My mom tried it on too and LOVES it!) This version is also nearly identical and also packable and on sale for a similar price (just a different puffer pattern)–it comes in the same olive hue, grey, and black. Both also have detachable hoods which is really nice! I also really love this version with faux fur hood which is under $90! Rag & Bone Skinny Jeans: These Rag & Bone jeans are one of my favorite pairs–super stretchy so I would size down! They are the BEST jeans and everyone who has purchased them has agreed!) This pair from Paige is also on sale and a brand I really love! These have really good reviews and are a really great versatile wash! Another brand of jeans I absolutely love that is majorly marked down right now is Levis. You can save up to 30% on all Levis jeans right now at Shopbop! (Their 721 Skinny Jeans are my absolute favorite and they come in tons of variations). I’ve got this pair in my cart right now–they’re all $98 even BEFORE the discount! Blondo OTK Boots: This pair from Blondo is seriously one of my most recommended products. I know I talk about these all the time but I haven’t worn them in a post in awhile–if you’re looking for affordable OTK boots (more on my other favorites below) these can’t be beat. They’re waterproof, so you don’t have to worry about ruining them in the winter and they stretch in the back so they really do form to your calves and thighs to achieve that really sleek look! They also come in grey! Lowland OTK BOOTS: ON SALE! This RARELY ever happens–so if you’ve been eyeing a pair, this is definitely the time to snap them up! They go like hotcakes and this is as low as they’re going to get! You can save up to 30% on them and can get them for $559!! They are honestly my favorite winter wardrobe staple and I wear them almost EVERY day. I have found no budget-friendly alternative for them–no other thigh-high boots that tie in the back truly hug your leg like these do. They make every outfit you wear them with look 100x more chic. I can’t say enough good things–they are 110% worth the money. Red Bell Sleeve Sweater: When I saw this red bell sleeved sweater on sale I snapped it up immediately because I knew it would be a hit for every holiday occasion this year. I love how classic it is–it’s definitely nicer (in terms of quality and being able to be dressed up) than the other sweaters I own and it’s easily dressed up with a skirt (I just ordered this leather mini) or worn with jeans! This one is also super similar, just a bit longer in length. Rebecca Minkoff Love bag: I love Rebecca Minkoff’s “Love” bags–she makes a lot in different colors and sizes. The one I’m wearing here is the small version (which is sold out) but the slightly larger version is currently on sale for $177! I never knew if I would get a lot of wear out of an olive purse but honestly, it’s such a great neutral that goes with everything, now I can’t imagine a more versatile color! They have a lot of Rebecca Minkoff love bags on sale right now at Shopbop in several different colors and sizes, so definitely peruse the selection! Festive scarves: This scarf is the only thing I’m wearing here that ISN’T on sale, but it’s only $30, so it’s still a steal and SO warm. I’m highlighting a few other picks in the widget below, though! Shopbop also has a ton of great on-sale scarves and wraps as well!    In my opinion, I think this is the best Black Friday/Cyber Week sale out there. It’s Buy More Save More. Get 20% off orders over $200, 25% off orders over $500, and 30% off orders over $800. Use code MORE17. This includes Stuart Weitzman boots, Levi’s jeans (their 721 skinny jeans are my favorite) and one of my favorite budget-friendly brands, BB Dakota. My absolute FAVORITE comfy loafers (seriously, no break-in required) are also part of the sale. I have them in Leopard print but they come in tons of colors. They also have a lot of Madewell items on sale, including my favorite tote! (I usually prefer buying Madewell from Shopbop or Nordstrom because of the fast, free shipping!) They also have my favorite knee-high boots on sale in black!  I also really love Shopbop for small affordable little gifts perfect for Secret Santa, gift exchanges, or coworker presents! Ann Taylor has a ton of great sweaters, casual staples that will work great for work and the weekend (like these adorable velvet pants!), plus my favorite camel coat is on sale, too! A great place to shop for sweaters and small accessories like cute pom pom beanies, scarves, and socks, which make great, affordable gifts! Black Friday specials officially start tomorrow for Nordstrom, but for now, there are a ton of really great markdowns (ahem, as you can tell from today’s outfit post!) You can shop their full sale selection here. So much great stuff on sale, including lots of adorable PJ’s (I just bought this flannel night shirt–it’s a bit longer too so it’s not too short to wear around the fam if you know what I mean, haha!) This is also the best time to purchase J.Crew outerwear and it always sells out fast–including the ever popular Stadium Cloth Cocoon coat!  Also I am IN LOVE with this striped white and black ribbed turtleneck! The Factory sale never disappoints and is a great place to stock up on basics, like this merino wool turtleneck sweater for $29 (comes in tons of colors!) or this tartan blanket scarf that comes in tons of colors as well! Also, my FAVORITE striped tissue turtlenecks are marked down to $17!  A couple bottles of wine in these adorable french Chanel-inspired wine bags are a great hostess gift A six pack of good craft beer and a cute bottle opener (a great gift for a couple–a little something for him and her!) A pack of cute, cozy socks for…anybody! Who doesn’t love cute socks? For your girlfriend, Beyonce themed pencil set (whaaaat?!) with a cute planner from Rifle Paper Co. For your coworker, a cute calendar or cute, cheeky sticky note set is sure to please. These stacking buffalo check mugs with stacking tower are super cute for just about anyone! This unisex classic tartan scarf will please any girl or guy alike! These $29 fuzzy slippers are perfect for your sister or mom! These plaid joggers are a perfect gift for any stylish guy–especially if he doesn’t like the standard baggy PJ pants!       SaveSave Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Amy Calfas says  November 22, 2017 at 5:17 pm Love the pop of red, so cute! What lipstick are you wearing here? 
Karen says  December 3, 2017 at 4:00 pm I bought the Blondo boots. So cute and am so happy with them  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Bodysuits, Platform Black Heels, Denim Tops, Black Chokers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 29, 2019   Dress: Amazon, Shoes: Sam Edelman Bay Sandals + Converse sneakers, Earrings: Amazon Sunnies: Ray Ban Happy Monday!  Did you have a nice weekend? I was in Milwaukee for a wedding reception (remember our friends Kate and Matt who got married in Montana? This was for Kate’s side to celebrate with friends/family from home). We’ve spent a ton of time in Milwaukee over the years visiting her parents and we love it so much. If you haven’t been–you are missing out! Sadly Neal couldn’t make it because he had a bachelor party in Montreal, but he had plenty of fun too. Hope your weekend was as fun as ours!  Anyway–on to today’s post!  Rarely do I ever say the words, “You NEED this” or “You should buy this” because truthfully, do any of us really NEED any more clothes? (NO.)  But the truth of the matter is––I don’t remember the last time I’ve loved something as much as this Amazon caftan. Also known as THE MUMU that I won’t shut up about for the past month––if you’ve been watching my IG stories, you’ll know. And yes, it is basically a caftan midi dress, but it’s WAY more fun to me that I call it a Mumu. (Because it totally IS Grandma chic.)  Are you SO sick of your clothes sticking to you in the summer heat? Do you want to look cute while feeling like wearing a breezy, airy pillowcase? If yes, perhaps you DO need the Amazon Mumu after all. In fact, I love it SO much that I purchased it in two colors, and I’m actually contemplating a third.  I cannot take credit for being the first discoverer of the mumu–I actually owe that to Grace and/or Hitha. (I’m not sure which one of you started wearing it first!) But I have definitely been shouting the Mumu’s praises from the rooftops over on IG stories, and so many of you have dmed me saying you love it so much you already ordered a second color!  Sneakers: Here I’m wearing these leather Converse (on sale right now for $46, marked down from $70!) and I am IN LOVE. They are so much comfier than any other pair of Converse I’ve had and they really don’t require any break-in. Plus, since they’re leather, they wipe clean! Any pair of classic white sneakers will look great with the mumu! (Make sure to go 1/2 size down in the Converse!) My other favorite pair are these classic Tretorns–they feel like walking on pillows and are the comfiest sneakers I own! (They’re Canvas, but they clean easily with some Oxyclean!) Order your normal size in the Tretorns!  Sandals: Here I’m wearing Sam Edelman’s Bay sandals, which are wonderful and so cute! My other favorite sandals (all which look great with the mumu) are the Steve Madden Greece sandals, and Everlane’s Day sandals. Both are SO comfy, but the Everlane Day Sandals are so soft, they feel like slippers. I’ve seriously slipped them on with my pajamas in the morning because that’s how soft the leather is. Both pairs run TTS.  Wedges/Espadrilles: If you’re going out to dinner or you just want to look a little dressier, throw on a pair of wedges! My favorite wedge espadrille sandals are the Sanibel wedges by Treasure + Bond (TTS). They are insanely comfortable! I wear them with everything! The classic Soludos (I have them in the blush linen color! Order 1/2 size down–they stretch) would also look DARLING and they are even more comfortable!!  In terms of sizing, I ordered the small in both colors that I have (shown below!) I will say if you have a larger chest, you may want to size up, because I’ve heard feedback from a couple of my bustier ladies that the chest runs very small. (Although, I did not experience that specifically).  I don’t have to wear a bra (!!!!) I hate bras in the summer–I don’t want any tight, restrictive things near me, and something about the material and pattern makes it impossible to tell whether or not you’re wearing one. It’s magical. I know not everyone can do this, but it’s a HUGE selling point for me, so if it’s the same for you–take note!  It is very wrinkle resistant–I can pack it and pull it right out of the suitcase. I have no idea how it stays so wrinkle free–(it’s some sort of gypsy fabric?) but it does. It’s apparently a cotton/rayon blend, but who knows what you’re getting with Amazon, really? But I can’t stand wrinkles, so this is another big factor for me!  Basically, it’s one of the best ways I can think of to spend $29–that is all.          Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Soludos Espadrilles, Tassel Earrings, Camis And Tanks, Orange Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 6, 2014       



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
       I love fall. The trench coats, boots, flannel. They’re now in constant rotation. Neal’s parents just bought this amazing lake house in Indiana,  a minute away from Lake Michigan, and right next to these amazingly pretty wetlands. We went for a walk yesterday morning and thought they’d make for a pretty fun shoot. Swamps were never so cool.  (Although there were a few dozen outtakes of me tripping over sticks, falling off of logs, and unfortunately snapping a few tree branches. We also managed to stay dry until I slipped into a hidden puddle at the end. I’m such a woman of grace.)  …and moving on. I’m really all about mens flannel shirts. Neal gets really annoyed with me whenever October rolls around because his flannels go mysteriously missing. (Weird.) I love them (even though I’m practically swimming in them). But I’ve also caved and purchased a couple of my own (in a smaller size of course).  If you’re looking to jump on the menswear bandwagon yourself (which I highly suggest) East Dane‘s (the male version of ShopBop) collection of men’s flannels is pretty on-point. I’m super into Old Navy’s great selection as well. I love mine extra comfy and oversized, so a mens small is perfect.   Pair it with a flowing trench, rolled up boyfriend jeans, aviators, and get your boots on. Happy fall!  Shop Exploring:   Filed Under: Style  
Anna Baun says  October 6, 2014 at 4:07 pm Sign me up for as much flannel this season as possible, please!  I love that you are styling the menswear as well.  Such a great idea!  And these photos of you are stunning!  XO Annaalilyloveaffair.com 
Jenna says  October 6, 2014 at 5:29 pm You are just the cutest! Love your writing (as always) and these photos. Adorable!  xo,Jenna http://www.adornedwithlove.com 
Katelyn says  November 5, 2014 at 3:05 pm Wow. I absolutely adore this post! Your outfit is undeniably cute  Lovin’ your blog lady! -Katelynkatelynnow.com 
jess keys says  November 6, 2014 at 4:34 am Thanks Katelyn! You are so sweet! So glad you stopped by  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Tees, Blouses On Sale, High Waist Flare Pants, Black Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 23, 2015   With so much going on in the month of June–school’s out, the first day of summer is finally here–graduation parties, weddings, and so on–4th of July always seems to come out of left field. Too many years have I been staring at my closet thinking, “How do I own NOTHING red, white or blue!?” The best way to approach what to wear for the holiday is to score your 4th of July outfit early, and ensure it’s versatile, so you can wear it over and over through the fall. That being said, GG’s shop page this week is dedicated soley to little white (red, and blue) dresses. But I figured, why not make it into a blog post too–because let’s be serious, don’t we all need a little reminder to shop for America’s birthday? 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 P.S. Didn’t know the shop page had been touched in ages? Well, it hadn’t, but luckily my girl Morgan came on board as my summer intern and is helping make sure the shop page is updated each Monday with a brand new theme! So check back weekly for brand new summer finds.  Now, let’s get to these patriotic picks:    Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pump Shoes, Off White Pumps, Black Cropped Pants, High Rise Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 1, 2018   Happy Thursday, guys! More importantly, actually, HAPPY FEBRUARY FIRST!! I thought January would NEVER END. Is it just me or was this like, the longest January of all time? I’m hoping February flies by super fast (luckily it usually does because of Valentine’s Day and Neal’s birthday–two very exciting things we love to celebrate!) I’m ready for March and Spring to be here already. (Although, let’s not kid ourselves, March is definitely still winter in Chicago ?) Speaking of Valentine’s Day, a couple days ago, I asked you guys via Insta stories whether you wanted to see Valentine’s Day themed outfits before the holiday (i.e. pink and red outfits), or if you just wanted to see regular date night outfits you could wear any time of year. I had a sneaky suspicion that you would choose the second option, and I was right–it won by a landslide ? The good news: these three outfits actually satisfy BOTH camps, because my favorite new faux leather jacket just happens to be a beautiful neutral with a hint of blush–and it’s the perfect date night staple no matter what time of the year it is, or what holiday is coming up! Keep on scrollin’ for three ways I like to wear it for a night out–whether you’re with the girls, or for a date!   Jacket: BB Dakota c/o Shopbop–comes in lot’s of colors, too! Also available at Nordstrom. They also have an all-suede version that is so cute, too! Jeans: J.Brand Maria jeans (also love Abercrombie’s high-waisted skinny jeans!), Lace camisole: Abercrombie (it’s seriously SO cute, and so affordable you can get several colors! I also love LOFT and Sezane’s lace trim camisoles! If you prefer classic silk without the lace, Everlane makes a really pretty version. Boots: Dolce Vita Cassius booties (still fully stocked at Zappos! They come in black and dark grey, too! SO comfy and run TTS) Their “Stevie” booties are also super similar available at Nordstrom as well! The combination of a lace cami, skinny jeans, and a leather jacket have become kind of my date-night uniform lately! It works for any season–just swap out your shoes based on the weather! There are endless combinations you can make with this jacket–I think the color is the perfect pretty neutral, and the fit and cut is a lot more feminine than you would normally get with a leather (or faux leather) jacket! It comes in so many colors (I’m also in love with the beautiful off-white color, which would also be perfect for spring!) They also have an all-suede version for just a few more dollars that I’ll link below as well! Shop BB Dakota Jackets:    Shop more lace camisoles:       Dress: Leith wrap dress (comes in SO many colors! I’m wearing a size Small which is one size bigger than I typically wear, so if you don’t want it super tight, go a size up. For a tighter fit, order your normal size). Also available in a sleeveless version too, which is great to wear all seasons (for winter, just layer a cardigan over the top!) Jacket: BB Dakota c/o Shopbop–comes in lot’s of colors, too! Also available at Nordstrom. They also have an all-suede version that is so cute, too!  Boots: Steve Madden Gabbie Boots (also available in black!) You’ve seen this dress a couple times over the past year, for good reason! It’s great for all seasons (the sleeveless version is even more perfect for summer!) It’s insanely comfortable, and best of all, SO flattering. Because of the ruching on the sides, it flatters your figure, emphasizes your curves and achieves the near-impossible feat of being form-fitting and tummy disguising at the same time. (This is due to the ruching at the waist! Sneaky!) Remember my new OTK boots from last week’s outfit post? They look just as cute with jeans! They really are the prettiest boots–I especially love the shape of the toe and the perfect in-between height of the heel. I walked all around downtown in them the first time I wore them and they were insanely comfortable–not one blister! Shop The Leith Ruched Dress:     Jacket: BB Dakota c/o Shopbop–comes in lot’s of colors, too! Also available at Nordstrom. They also have an all-suede version that is so cute, too! Jeans: Black Levi’s 721 jeans–available on Amazon! Huzzah! (also come in a distressed version that is super cute!) Pumps: Sam Edelman (I have the slingback old version but these are basically the same with a regular back!) I also love this chunky rounded toe version! I love Sam Edelman shoes, they are so comfortable and I’ve had mine for years and they’re still one of my biggest go-to’s for so many occasions from date night to weddings! Earrings: c/o Baublebar (come in several colors, too!) Tee: Halogen (it’s reversible and only $39!) Last but not least,  you can never go wrong with black on black! The pop of neutral color in the jacket combined with the fun statement earrings from Baublebar add just enough fun and personality without being overkill. The black tee is the same as you saw in this post–it’s reversible, and one of my favorite purchases that I’ve made this month. I know I’ll be wearing it well into spring! I wear these pumps paired with jeans for almost every date night we go on and I often wear them for weddings as well! They’re really comfortable and if you want a pair of classic pumps that will last you for years, these are them!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney Crawley says  February 1, 2018 at 11:05 am Look at you with your fancy backdrop! These outfits are all so great! I love that the blush is closer to nude than pink- it seems like more of a classic piece. 
Captain America says  April 25, 2018 at 3:18 am i think its a good post about leather on hello fashion blog,  if i get Captain America article or details on this site because its a trending in a new york after watching avenger movies. what you think ? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Dresses, Sweater Cardigans, Black Turtleneck Sweaters, Black Clutches and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 29, 2018   Sweater: Leith (here I’m wearing an XS, which is what I’d usually order in sweaters–reviews say it runs big but I think it’s just a personal preference!) It comes in so many pretty colors and is fully stocked again! Shorts: Topshop Mom Shorts (this wash is old, but this wash is similar! Follow sizing suggestions on the website, they’re accurate!) and Levi’s has a pair that is very similar in cut and color! Messenger bag: c/o Everlane– also comes in black and green! Shoes: Jack Purcell (run TTS!) Scarf: got in Florence on our Italy trip, but similar here and here, eBay has some cute ones too! Sunnies: Ray Ban 53mm Icons  Okay, so, “now,” as referenced in the title of this post, is a loose term… When I shot this, it was actually a very crisp fall-like morning outside and then the heat came back. Hopefully you’re reading this while freezing in your air conditioned office and not walking outside in the sweltering heat but, none the less. Today: A SWEATER. In the wild! It’s true–I wore my first sweater of the season last week with a pair of shorts, sneakers, and a neck scarf. It was glorious at first (“It feels like Fall!” Shaheen and I gasped to one another, as we stepped into the crisp, barely 70 degree air…) OH WAIT. Then 11am rolled around. We lied. Scorching heat came back. False alarm! (Thank god I was wearing shorts). So, despite the fact that you cannot likely wear this sweater outside today–the good news is–you can snag this sweater now and you’ll have something to be very excited about post Labor Day ? (And if we’re being honest, I’m okay with that. I’m not really ready for summer to end. The people who are starting to buy mini pumpkins at Target need to CHILL OUT!) Anyway, You’ll actually remember this wrap sweater from the Nordstrom sale (I know, I know, we’re all still getting past our PTSD over-stimulation about the sale that took over the month of July) and while it’s not on sale anymore, it HAS been fully re-stocked in this green color, and they’ve even added some really beautiful new colors as well! You can also see several other ways I styled it in my Fall Capsule Wardrobe Remix Post! I absolutely LOVE this sweater. It’s the perfect weight (lightweight, but not TOO lightweight–so it’s great to wear now-ish and through the winter. But we don’t talk about winter yet.) The neckline is also very flattering–I love that it’s a bit of a deeper v so it’s ideal for a date night as well as during the daytime. Another hero of this outfit I’ve been so excited to share with you is this messenger bag from Everlane! It’s a brand new release that comes in brown, black, and an olive color–the strap is adjustable and can be made into a shoulder bag or lengthened to become a cross-body. (Perfect for moms who need their hands free but want to carry enough stuff with them!) It’s also big enough to fit a laptop! It’s perfect for commuters (especially bikers! And there’s a magnetic closure at the top!) and travelers, too! (On another note, let’s have a moment to admire this adorable stoop Shaheen and I found in my neighborhood. Wicker Park is the best place to live but it is virtually IMPOSSIBLE to find instagram-worthy places to shoot. ? You’ll likely be seeing this stoop again in the near future).         Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Melissa says  August 29, 2018 at 6:42 pm I got this exact sweater during the N-sale too.  I would say it’s true to size but it’s more cropped than I expected.   It’s going on vacation with me which is in October Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Leggings, Tan Maxi Dresses, Navy Leggings, Black Swimsuit and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 28, 2016   The past few days have certainly been a whirlwind! As you probably know by now–I was in Iceland on a trip with IcelandAir last week! I’ll be sharing the details of my whole trip throughout some future posts, but a few quick details you might want to know if you plan to visit:  First off, if you fly IcelandAir to any European destination, you can do what’s called a “stopover” in Reykjavik for up to 7 days, with no additional airline cost. (Honestly, even if you just did a quick layover to go to Blue Lagoon–it would be totally worth it!) It’s also wonderful enough to just make Iceland your whole destination–flights are really affordable (I saw flights at $600 round trip yesterday!) and the flight time from O’Hare to Reykjavik is just 6 hours.  Like I said, we’ll get into the full Iceland guide later, but today, we’re dedicating this post to one of my favorite spots–Iceland’s Blue Lagoon!  I actually purchased this adorable Nanette Lepore one-piece for the occasion. I’ve been wanting a one-piece forever, but they either never fit me correctly, were too frumpy, or too scandalous. This one is just right. I was actually looking for a black one, but stumbled upon this one and went the opposite direction–it’s colorful, and actually looked way cooler in photos than a black one-piece would’ve, don’t you think?  While it’s really hard to nail down my favorite part of Iceland, this was definitely at the top of my list. The Blue Lagoon is an all-natural, geothermal pool. (Well, pools, actually–the place is pretty expansive!) The water is filled with minerals that are said to be very beneficial for your skin–with healing and anti-aging powers. (Did you know that those who suffer from psoriasis are actually prescribed to go here by a doctor?) The lagoon water is full of silica, which is what gives it that gorgeous glowing blue-green color, created when the sunlight reflects on the water.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 While I guess you could classify it as a “public pool” it really feels much more like a spa. Upon check-in, you’re given a pair of flip flops and a big, plush terrycloth robe. You’re also given a high-tech bracelet that you use to buy drinks at the swim up bar. (You just swipe the bracelet, and cash out when you leave!)  It’s basically like a swimming experience and spa treatment all in one–you visit the “mask bar” to get your face masks. The first is an all-natural clay mask derived from the lagoon itself. Leave this on for 15 minutes, rinse, and follow with a second algae mask (also derived from the Blue Lagoon) which is ultra moisturizing and anti-aging.  Drinking beer while wearing a clay mask in a warm pool in Iceland? Yeah, pretty much the top of my bucket list in life. Read on for my tips on what you must know when visiting the lagoon!       1. You must make a reservation, which you can do online. Seeing as Iceland is one of the hottest new spots to visit, Blue Lagoon is pretty much impossible to get into if you don’t plan ahead. Make your reservations as far in advance as you can in order to have the most flexibility in your schedule. 2. Do not get your hair wet. While the mineral water is excellent for skin, it makes hair extremely dry and brittle for weeks. They recommend that you wet your hair first, apply conditioner, and then wear it up. I didn’t really feel like getting mine wet though, so I just applied conditioner to the bottom part of my hair below my bun, and I was fine! 3. Remove jewelry. Make sure all of your jewelry is removed before entering the lagoon, as the minerals can cause discoloration in certain metals. Plus, the water is completely opaque–if something slips off in the water, there is no way you’re finding it again!  4. Bring sunglasses. Iceland weather can change by the minute, and the lagoon can get VERY sunny. Make sure you bring sunglasses (just be sure not to drop them, per the point above–you likely won’t find them again!) I brought these black aviators for the occasion.  5. Go right when you arrive, or just before you leave.  Blue Lagoon happens to be just minutes from the airport, so it will definitely be the most convenient to go right when you land, or before you leave. Originally I thought this sounded a little strange, but they have showers in the locker room, so you’ll be able to freshen up before your flight! The airport itself is actually about an hour away from Reykjavik (and everything else) so this really is the best option in order to make the best use of your time.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 6. Stay for lunch, or for the night!  Blue Lagoon has a top-notch restaurant and I’d definitely recommend getting a bite here after your swim. You can grab lunch, or dinner here, or if you’re looking for something more casual, there is also a cafe on site. The best part? You can eat in your robe, just as you would at any other spa. They also have a luxury hotel, if you’d like to look into staying the night–rooms come with their own private bathing lagoon!     Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Travel  
Kristina Anderson says  March 28, 2016 at 7:38 am I’ve really been wanting to go there, the blue lagoon looks so cool! Loving your swimsuit! Kristina does the Internets 
Megan says  March 28, 2016 at 8:43 am This looks like a blast! Iceland is most definitely on my bucket list and after seeing your pictures it just keeps climbing to the top — ha! Happy Monday // http://lifeplusbe.com/capetown-transitions/ 
Sara Mendoza says  March 28, 2016 at 8:47 am That looks so beautiful!  Love your suit….. 
Maggie says  March 28, 2016 at 10:28 am Such a cute bathing suit!! I love it! I definitely want to go there some day!! It looks gorgeous!
-Maggie  http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Natalie Was Here says  March 28, 2016 at 10:49 am OMG this doesn’t even look real. And I’m really loving how affordable the airfare is…so much cheaper than I would have expected! Definitely adding Iceland to my list of places to visit.  Natalie Was Here 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  March 28, 2016 at 11:13 am Wow, it sounds amazing there!! And I love that bathing suit! 
Hunter B says  March 28, 2016 at 11:35 am This looks incredible! I went to one kind of similar in Colorado a few years back and it was amazing! I’m definitely adding Iceland to my bucket list. Thanks for sharing!
Always, Hunter 
Christina says  March 28, 2016 at 11:40 am This sounds like such an amazing experience! So relaxing and fun, but still beneficial to your skin and body! These photos are so beautiful and I love how your bathing suit just pops, definitely a great choice!  Christina
http://www.asentimentaladventure.com 
Jenna says  March 28, 2016 at 2:22 pm What a cool experience! You are the cutest (and so is that suit). The Blue Lagoon is definitely on my bucket list as well, so you better believe I’ll be referring back to this post if I ever make it there!  xx,
Jenna http://www.adornedwithlove.com 
Kelly in the City says  March 28, 2016 at 2:50 pm Jess, this is the COOLEST!  Loveeee! And bathing suit on point! Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Cat says  March 28, 2016 at 4:44 pm This looks like such a fun trip! I loved following your adventures on Snapchat too. 
TheVagabondWayfarer says  March 28, 2016 at 6:39 pm Love your swimsuit & you look great.  I often go for plain one piece swimsuits but now print looks better.
http://WWW.thevagabondwayfarer.com  
Woven with Gold says  March 28, 2016 at 8:27 pm This looks so amazing and relaxing! I have been searching everywhere for an appropriate one piece as well. Why are they so hard to find!? 
Woven with Gold says  March 28, 2016 at 8:31 pm I have been searching everywhere for an appropriate one piece as well. Why are they so hard to find!?  This trip looks like it was so amazing and relaxing! 
David Zapata says  March 29, 2016 at 6:33 am Love this post! 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  March 29, 2016 at 9:48 am so cute Jess!! Love this swimsuit and can we go back to lagoon?! […] Reading The cutest rainy day outfit! I’m adding this to my travel bucket list. I want to plan another trip to wine country now.  The kitchen of my […] […] in Lincoln Park with Blair before our trip to Iceland! (By the way, if you haven’t checked out my Blue Lagoon post, be sure to do so–more Iceland details coming […] […] you saw this post or have been following me on Instagram, you know my struggles with one-piece bathing […] […] and unlike anything I’d ever seen before. BUT–if I have to pick favorites, I think Blue Lagoon tops my […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Designer Gowns, White Lace Dresses, Tan Wedge Sandals, Green Coats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 29, 2017   One-Shoulder Top: Nordstrom (On sale for $26!) Also comes in solid white and yellow & white stripe! // Shoes: Jack Purcell–there are also a ton of white sneakers on sale right now–like the all-white Stan Smiths and Nike Roshes! (More favorites above!) // Shorts: Levi’s Wedgie Jean Shorts (also come in raw-edge cutoff version in a blue wash and a more distressed wash) J.Crew makes a similar rolled hem version. I’ve also got my eye on Levi’s 501 long denim shorts, too! If you’re looking for white jean shorts, this high-waisted pair is SO cute and is on sale for only $35! // Bag: c/o Lo & Sons (it’s actually a camera bag!) This Madewell one is nearly identical though and is on sale in black for $88! I also love this version with the whipstitch detail! This one and this one are also similar. // Initial necklace: Similar here in gold and here in rose gold! // Lipstick: Burberry Bright Plum // Leather Jacket: Old, but similar here (on sale for under $200!) Happy Memorial Day! What were you up to this weekend? Admittedly I mean’t to get this post up much earlier today HOWEVERRR I was having too much fun enjoying the weekend and the gorgeous weather! (Thank you in advance for your understanding!!) To kick off the weekend I got a haircut (amazingggg!) at Sine Qua Non. My hair was getting SO long it wouldn’t even hold a curl anymore and things were getting ridiculous. Don’t worry, you probably won’t be able to tell a difference, I didn’t take THAT much length off  Why do I always forget how relaxing getting my hair cut is? Sitting with wine and having someone massage your hair? I mean…If you’re looking for salon reccos, I can’t say enough amazing things. (I go to Stacia at the West Town location!) After that, we headed to the lake house which included lot’s of family time, fun celebrations, BBQ’s (Neal’s dad grilled a TURKEY, did you even know you could do that?) and bonfires. It was the perfect weekend! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

We headed back early this morning to get a full day in at home, too. We rode bikes around the city and went to L’Patron for lunch–which totally lived up to the hype and I think they honestly might be the best tacos in the city. (I think it might be their red hot sauce. I would put that on ANYTHING. I wish they sold it by the bottle!) Anyway–a few outfit details before I hop back offline for the rest of the day: This shirt is on major sale. It’s only $26! Nordstrom’s sale is going through June 4th, but the good stuff is going quickly! It runs big, so size down! It also comes in white (such a great basic tank to have for summer!) and the cutest yellow and white striped pattern, too. I also found a leather jacket similar to mine on sale for under $200! (That never happens!) These shorts are the best jean shorts ever! The version I’m wearing isn’t on sale, but the cutoff version is! They come in a few different washes, too! I wore both these and my favorite white sneakers to bike around town today. There are a ton of other white sneakers on sale right now as well–the all white Stan Smiths included! They’re 20% off and only $60! Some additional savings to be had before the weekend is over… Tuckernuck–20% off all orders over $200 (Yes, this means you can snag some amazing Barbour items at major discounts!) I also LOVE this adorable little white dress. With the buttons?! OMG. Urban Outfitters – up to 50% off! (Where you can get Levi’s on sale + it includes home items, too!) Nordstrom Rack – 25% off more sale items! Ann Taylor–60% off ALL sale items + 40% off regularly priced items! I’m eyeing this gorgeous blue dress.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Rachel Spross says  May 30, 2017 at 7:31 am That’s such a cute top! I love the one shoulder silhouette. Such a cute, casual look! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Jessi Afshin says  May 30, 2017 at 7:38 am Loving that chic little top girl! And those sneakers you put with it are adorable! xoxo
Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Britney Crawley says  May 30, 2017 at 10:31 am Cute outfit- so perfect for summer! I love the one shoulder top, and I love your tennis shoes. Although, seeing you wear them reminds me of how dirty my Jack Purcell’s are, and then I get a little sad.  
Naomi @HuntingforPinkFlamingos says  May 30, 2017 at 3:58 pm Those white shoes were a great decision — they look so great with that outfit! (And I’m sure they’re SUPER comfy.) Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Sneakers, Black Pump Shoes, Candles, Frayed Shorts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 14, 2016    Dress: Shopbop (on major sale for $52!)–also love this one, this one, this one, and this one–all perfect for any wedding occasion during cooler temperatures! // Earrings: c/o Kendra Scott, from their new bridal collection // Bracelet: c/o Kendra Scott, also from their new bridal collection // Shoes: Old, but similar here, here (only $50!), also love this strappy version // Lipstick: MAC Lipstick in Diva (it’s part of this lipstick gift set, which I’m OBSESSED with!) A few weeks back, one of my best friends, Courtney, threw us an engagement party. It was perfect–since moving to our new house, we haven’t really had the chance to entertain, so it was a perfect excuse to have a housewarming party/engagement celebration all in one. We had Big Star tacos and margaritas catered (our favorite restaurant ever) and my friend Kai even surprised us with a piñata ;-P




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

In true Jess fashion, I was scrambling for something to wear at the last minute. Cue Shopbop, with their Amazon Prime integration (aka free two-day shipping!) and I found this little white number. Since our party was a chilly day in October, I didn’t really feel like I could wear anything sleeveless. (Tricky, because it seems like all the white/bridal-ish dresses you find out there these days are without sleeves!) This one totally fit the bill. If you’re also in the same boat and looking for a long-sleeved white dress for your engagement party, shower, rehearsal dinner, or anything else wedding-related, I’ve rounded up my very favorite long-sleeved white dresses below!   Mine is very loosely fitted, so I’d say order your normal size or one size down. It’s also on MAJOR sale for $52, and also comes in the prettiest burgundy hue (in the instance that you’re not getting married anytime soon and are looking for a holiday dress instead!) For jewelry, wore some dainty pieces from Kendra Scott’s new bridal line–I love LOVE these earrings and this bracelet. I’m thinking of having  my bridesmaids wear them for our wedding! What do you think? In other news– we had such a fun, laid-back weekend! On Friday we hung out with Kelly and Emma, and Saturday we rode bikes over to Humboldt Park (a neighboring western neighborhood!) and I took Neal to my favorite new coffee shop, CC Ferns. They make boozy coffees that are delicious and probably the best Saturday morning beverage I can think of  We hung out, read the newspaper, and just chilled out. It was great! Then we made homemade soup for dinner and finished the rest of Stranger Things. (UGH. SO MANY WITHDRAWALS NOW THAT ITS OVER!) Do you have any other favorite Netflix shows? We need new material to binge watch, now! Okay, I’ve got to get back to work on our Winter Guide–check back soon to find out when it will be going live this week!      Shop more long-sleeved white dresses:   Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Wedding  
Becca says  November 14, 2016 at 5:41 am This dress is so pretty Jess! And your engagement party sounds amazing, especially with a piñata!  As for Netflix shows, I’m watching WestWorld and The Crown!  
Jessica says  November 14, 2016 at 6:26 am Oh, let’s face it, Jess. The best part of this outfit is your dazzling smile!  http://bedknobsandbaubles.com/ 
Britney says  November 14, 2016 at 7:21 am Very chic! I love when brides take advantage of getting to wear white, and style it for every wedding event! I sure did!  
Jess Zimlich says  November 14, 2016 at 7:27 am Love the sleeves on this dress! We had a laid-back weekend, too….the absolute best. Hope our paths cross soon!  26 and Not Counting 
Diana Pearl says  November 14, 2016 at 9:01 am This dress is gorgeous! You look beautiful. I’m also loving The Crown on Netflix! So good. x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Rachel Spross says  November 14, 2016 at 9:31 am Omg gorgeous! I love this dress. That lace is so pretty, and so are you! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/corduroy-pinafore/ 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  November 14, 2016 at 11:38 am So pretty Jess!! This dress will be so cute with boots as it gets colder too! 
Stacy says  November 14, 2016 at 1:39 pm Seriously so pretty!
We just finished Marvel’s Luke Cage, that was really good. The Crown looks amazing though too! 
Taylor- Lights Camera Catwalk says  November 14, 2016 at 2:33 pm Aw Jess, these are GORGEOUS!! Congrats again!  Xx Taylor
http://lightscameracatwalk.com/ 
Mary Fremeau says  November 14, 2016 at 8:06 pm You look stunning! I did not know Big Star catered!! game changer!! xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  November 15, 2016 at 9:31 am You are so freaking cute twirling around in this little number!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes, Long Dresses, White Jeans, Blue Heels Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 17, 2018   On Jess: Look #1: Green Coat, Printed Button-Down (also in white), Green tartan scarf, Boots and Umbrella available at Barbour stores! Look #2: Navy + Red Coat, Sweater, Jeans, Camel scarf available in stores but Tuckernuck has lot’s of Barbour scarves in different colors!, Boots–available in store. All clothing c/o Barbour. On Kelly: Look #1: Grey Sweater, Camel scarf, Navy coat + boots available in stores. Look #2:  Green coat,Green tartan scarf, Boots available in store. All clothing c/o Barbour. Sooo excited for today’s blog post featuring some of my favorite photos we have ever taken! Remember a couple weeks back when I told you Kelly, Mitch, Emma, Neal and I we were shooting some Fall looks with Barbour? Today, you get to see them! Huzzah! (Well, the ones of me and Kelly. The photos with Neal and I are coming in a later post!) Collaborating together with brands we absolutely love has always been one of our favorite parts of blogging! The photos turned out SO cute and moments like these make us so thankful for this crazy career we’ve made for ourselves. Kelly and I frequently get questions about our friendship, so we thought to accompany these photos, why not do a little Q&A? We’re both answering the same questions about each other in our posts today  Let’s jump in! We have a mutual blogger friend Krista, who introduced us on Instagram and said we had to meet! We got in touch over email and agreed to meet up at an Anthropologie event (the one on Southport in Lakeview!) I remember being slightly disappointed that I had missed meeting Noodle–who was a puppy back then. (Mitch had walked her to the event but left before I got there, so I met Mitch and Noodle the next week ?)      I thought that she was really nice and easy to talk to. We agreed to meet up later that week to shoot outfit photos for one another, and then I feel like we were best friends. There really wasn’t much of an in-between period, haha! Yes! Kelly was in my wedding (we joke that it’s so bizarre I wasn’t at hers because we hadn’t met yet ?) and I can’t imagine not having her in my life. She was the first person I called when we got engaged (and she ignored my call because she didn’t know if it had happened yet and she was terrified of ruining the surprise.) We have been through a lot together and have also helped each other grow so much from both a professional and a personal standpoint!   Not as much as we used to because #life but an average “Kelly, Mitch, Neal and Jess” night basically involves us going over to Kelly and Mitch’s, consuming too much wine and laughing for about 10 hours straight, looking up at the clock and realizing it’s 3am. We’ve also both agreed that we need to make more of an effort to have girls nights. This summer has been so crazy, I know we’re both looking forward to slowing down a little this fall and having more time to do that! Kelly is one of the most genuine, selfless people I’ve ever met. She will go to the end of the earth for her family and friends. She’s so hardworking, smart, and is an incredible mother and an amazing wife. She teaches me so much through example. Even if we somehow didn’t speak for months (I mean, that would never happen, but just for example’s sake) I know that she would always be there for me no matter what. She’s also everyone’s biggest cheerleader–she is always always her friends #1 fan. She just makes everyone feel really special without even trying–that’s just her personality.    Oh man. Where to begin? I feel like there are STILL weird facts I learn about her where I look at her and say, “WHO ARE YOU!?” Let’s see… 1. She used to work as a reporter for a newspaper in Hartford Connecticut covering MURDER. (????) 2. Some days she subsides on Kit Kats and Chardonnay alone. Kelly eats to live, she does not live to eat. (What does that feel like?) Because she has no interest in food, sometimes we have to make her eat–because she forgets. 3. She hates cilantro. Like, HATES it. 4. Kelly’s dad is famous for this insanely long joke about a dog. We need to get him to tell it on Instagram stories. (Okay that’s not technically about Kelly but it needed to be included.) 5. Kelly is a crier. She cries when she’s happy, sad, everything in between. Sometimes it is justified, but rarely so. For example, she used to cry about how she was concerned “Noodles life is too boring because they don’t do enough exciting things with her.” (Despite Noodle having a loving owner who was home to pet, play, and walk her 24-7? I’m literally LOLing typing this ?) 6. She tried to convince me to put black ankle socks in our Holiday Gift Guide. (“WHAT?!” she will still defend. “THEY ARE MAGICAL SOCKS!!!”) Who gets excited to buy black ankle socks? 7. She could probably not name one rapper. She would turn to Mitch and say, “oh, Mitch–that one guy! What’s his name?” Like, one time we were playing “Heads Up” and the person she had to guess was “Dr. Dre” and my clues were: “he’s a rapper? Someone forgot about him?” and no dice. 8. She is an absolute grammar psychopath. I mean, I know it takes everything she has for her to not point out grammatical errors in my blog posts. (Side note: I KNOW correct grammar, I just don’t have time to proof read. Progress over perfection! ?) 9. She calls everyday things weird names like “Food shopping” (grocery shopping?) and “athletic clothing” (workout clothes?) and “Chop meat” (ground beef??) I think this is an East Coast thing but all of us LOL. 10. This gets me every time: Kelly and Mitch’s biggest fight was when they were dating and making dinner. Kelly poured two completely different types of pasta into the same pot of boiling water and Mitch said, “Why did you do that?” I’ll just leave that here…    Okay, this is a tie. First, was when Kelly told me she was pregnant with Emma. I was SO SO happy for her and Mitch after all they had been through trying to get pregnant and I didn’t even tell Neal right away because I was too scared I would jinx it for her. (She wrote an incredible blog post on their infertility journey here (also, there is the sweetest video in her post that will make you cry in the best way ??? I accidentally stumbled upon it last week and sobbed. And then it was so cute I made Neal watch it and then we both cried in the kitchen ) Second, was when Kelly and Mitch saved our whole wedding. Our photographer completely sketched out on us and if not for Kelly and Mitch we would have no wedding photos. She was a bridesmaid and a photographer, Mitch was loading memory cards onto a hard drive all night. They were the MVP’s of the entire day. I was so tired that Kelly even pulled my dress off of me at the end of the night (I was so tired I could barely even talk) and took it home for me so I didn’t have to take it with me to Mexico. (I’ll tell you the full story of our wedding one day but I still have PTSD so I try not to think about our wedding ?)   We have spent a lot of hours in the past working on our Holiday Guides (which we did for a couple of years but then everyone started doing them so they lost their appeal). SO MANY LATE NIGHTS over wine. Being slap happy. Often hysterically laughing and occasional scolding at each other’s picks for gift guides. (I.E. THE SOCKS.) Our Barbour collaborations also really stand out as being some of my favorite. The best brand partnerships are without a doubt with the brands that you really truly love, wear all the time and are really part of our life. Pulling on one of my Barbour coats for the first time each year is kind of a special thing I look forward to. Kelly was the one that actually introduced me to the brand, so every time I wear Barbour, I think of Kelly! I think the first collaboration we ever did together was one with the Barbour Lincoln Park store – this post and this post and our relationship with the brand continued to grow over the past few years! When they reached out to collaborate with us again this year, we were so excited! The idea was essentially an updated Fall version of these photos (which we lovingly refer to as our “engagement photos” ? but also kind of look like we’re a couple announcing our pregnancy ?) This time we got to model their Weather Comfort collection, which was essentially designed for rainy fall days! We shot these in beautiful Humboldt Park (my favorite park in the city! It’s huge and so, so pretty). Despite the fact that it was 80 degrees and we were wearing heavy fall gear, it was still really fun. That’s party of the hilarity of being a blogger–you’re always shooting crazy things in crazy temperatures ? Part of me still can’t wait for summer to be over, but I’m really excited to pull on all this awesome fall gear for real!       What we’re wearing here:  The jacket I’m wearing here was my favorite, it comes in three different colors and is super functional–it has a detachable hood and is completely waterproof, but doesn’t look like a rain jacket, so you can wear it even if it’s sunny! It looks so classic with a tartan Barbour scarf–and I absolutely love their rain boots! This tunic length roll neck sweater is great because you can also wear it with leggings (it’s long enough to cover your behind!) and I was totally drawn to this button down with the prettiest bird print! It looks so classic with your favorite pair of jeans–I’ve loved wearing it with loafers and a leather jacket as well! It reminds me of my mother in law–she loves birds! (Can we take a second to also talk about Noodle in these photos ? ?) Make sure to head over to Kelly in the City to see how Kelly answered all of the above questions! Love you Kelly!!  Thank you so much to one of our favorite brands, Barbour, for sponsoring this post!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  September 17, 2018 at 7:42 am What a sweet friendship! I love the story about your wedding – that’s a true best friend!
Barbour coats look so classic – I’ve had my eye on one for years and now that we live further north I feel justified in pulling the trigger 
Happy Monday! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Taylor says  September 17, 2018 at 8:22 am This is such a cute post! Not only do I love the outfits and all things Barbour but hearing about your friendship with Kelly is so sweet! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Gabi says  September 17, 2018 at 8:57 am But where is Noodle’s outfit from?! ? 
Jordan says  September 17, 2018 at 9:12 am I just love both of you and this little stories in this post make me think of all my best friends! You make me want Kelly to be one of my best friends.
Happy Monday! 
Kim says  September 17, 2018 at 9:46 am This is so cute!! I loved this post so much! Kim http://trendkeeper.me .. how to plan for a quick trip! 
alana says  September 17, 2018 at 10:54 am Fact #5 made me laugh out loud. At least once I’ve gone sobbing to my husband (completely sober and dead serious) and asked “Do you think our dog is happy?! Do you think she likes living with us? Would she be happier with another family?” We don’t have kids, so it’s the most heartbreaking thing I can think of ? 
Dana says  October 16, 2018 at 1:38 pm I love this post! It’s amazing reading about other people’s friendships and I love how well you and Kelly know each other! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Knit Dresses, Heel Booties, Navy Leggings, Black Flat Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 3, 2013  moto-style fur vest (image c/o pretty stems blog) I always look forward to the time of the year when I can pull out my fur. my favorite item most recently has been my fur vest. there is so much you can do with one, making your outfit possibilities endless- a staple in every woman’s closet. these street style snaps perfectly capture a number of great ways to style your fur vest, and one of my own! Olivia rocking 50 shades of fur (image via google) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 chic black fur adds texture to a military dress (image c/o pretty stems blog) My take: vest, chambray shirt & suede leggings from Luci boutique in Milwaukee  necklace: Topshop  boots: Kate’s, from Italy  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Leggings, Cosmetic Bags, Green Coats, Gowns Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 13, 2018   YOUUU GUYSSSSS.  I know you’re going to be very excited about today’s post, because it’s featuring your favorite person (and my favorite person–NEAL!  (I’m chopped liver around here lately ?) We’re sharing more winter favorites for guys and gals from our favorite athletic wear brand, Lolë!  (If you missed our post earlier this fall, make sure to check that out too!) Even if workout gear isn’t exactly your cup of tea, stick with us, because we’re also dishing the details about the *warmest* winter coats (yes, puffer coats) that are yes–super, crazy warm. (And actually CUTE. Huzzah!) You guys have been asking me to investigate more good puffer coat options (and I’ll admit, it’s a hard task–so many of them really are not truly WARM) and I’m so excited to say that Lolë has become my #1 recommendation for winter coats. (Read on for more details!)  Plus–it gets better.  Ba da daaaa…. Before we get into the post, I’d just like to paint a hilarious backstory for you that went into shooting these photos.  So, you know how in the winter, when I’m busy, I basically hardly leave the house for days on end? (Not a terrible problem to have slash horribly embarrassing at the same time– I know, but there’s about a four week stretch over the holidays where I’ve got more deadlines than every other month of the year combined, and that’s just the way it goes. Not complaining, just giving you the behind the scenes details.) Well, last Friday (when we shot these photos) was one of those days.  I was actually talking to Shaheen on the phone, in preparation for her visit to Chicago. “How cold is it? Is it miserable?” she asked. “Oh DEFINITELY not!” I laughed. “It hasn’t gotten to the miserable cold part of winter yet!”  Then, I stepped outside, camera in-hand and quite literally, got BITTEN in the face. It was hands-down, the coldest day we’ve had all year. Neal just laughed at me and said, in that mocking husband sort of way, ” But it hasn’t gotten to the miserable cold part of winter yet! ?”  Despite the cold, we were actually SUPER warm underneath our puffer coats–(granted, the whole bare ankle thing was not a good idea in such temps and I lost feeling in my toes for several hours ?) Neal always seems to think he “doesn’t need a puffer coat”–but when I mentioned how thankful I was that we were shooting such warm coats (as opposed to, you know, like–eveningwear, per say?) he shot me a sideways, one eyebrow cocked, “alright, alright…you were right, wife” glance. (And he’s worn it like 5 times in the past week since!)  It was only getting colder, and everything in Wicker Park has reached that “completely dead, zero leaves on the trees, all the grass is brown” state that will sadly remain until about…June. We were about to give up and then passed the playground. Seeing as Neal’s #1 go-to is using playground equipment as workout equipment whenever working out outside–his eyes lit up–”THAT’S PERFECT”–he exclaimed ?So we proceeded to run around the playground like the complete nerds we are and ended up having a blast with this shoot. (Luckily there were no children there because it was, you know, ridiculously cold. That would’ve been weird.)  As we were wrapping up, I thought it was so fitting, because LOLË literally stands for “Live Out Loud Every day”–and that’s exactly what this shoot was! They really do make high quality, versatile, everyday clothes that are made for helping you live your best life–whether you’re working out or you just want to be stylish and comfortable (and warm while running around a playground) I love their staples and I know you will as well!  (Remember, you get 30% off with code JESS30 between now through 12/15!)   The one really cool thing about Lolë is that nothing they make is “average”–there are always more features about it that make it more special than your average, run of the mill item. Take this turtleneck sweater, for example–which is perfect to pull on after yoga to head to brunch, or wear with jeans. The coolest part about it is that it’s made of recycled plastic bottles! Comfy, cute, and a sweater that helps our environment? Couldn’t think of a better gift! Run true to size.  The brand’s iconic leggings (I have several pairs, and they are my favorite to reach for each time. They’re stretchy, but have compression and shape contouring all at the same time. They are moisture wicking, and lined with a material called COOLMAX–which essentially keeps you warm on cold days and cool on hot days!) They are also eco friendly (OEKO-TEX® certified!) Run true to size.  One of Lolë’s newest jackets–it’s waterproof, vegan, packs into a tiny pouch and it’s insulation is eco-friendly AND happens to be the closest synthetic alternative to natural down ever developed! (I know many of you prefer vegan alternatives, so I was really excited when I saw this jacket get released!) If you know you want a Lolë jacket but you aren’t sure which one, see my comparison below! Runs true to size.  (Remember, you get 30% off with code JESS30 between now through 12/15!)     (I don’t think Lil Wayne’s “THIS. IS. THA. CARTER.” lyrics will ever NOT pop into my head when I see this shirt ?) I DIGRESS.  This tee is made with 100% Certified Cruelty-Free Merino Wool (if you aren’t familiar with Merino wool, it’s a super high quality wool that is naturally sweat-wicking, odor resistant, breathable, and is an active fiber that reacts to changes in your body temperature!) Neal loves wearing this not just for workouts, but with jeans as well!  If your guy is in need of a major sweat pants upgrade, but he’s not into the super skinny jogger look and likes something stylish but with a bit more room–these are a really great option! Neal has been wearing these over his running shorts to run to the gym, and they’re very comfy!  Neal LOVES Lolë’s packable vests. They’re an extra layer of warmth, made with cruelty-free down, water-repellent fabric–plus, it’s super stylish! The best is that, like many of their jackets, the vest is also packable–so it crushes down into a tiny pouch, which makes it great for travel, too! (This would make an awesome gift for any guy!) It’s great for layering under another jacket (a great trick for staying super warm at Bear’s games, haha!) or on it’s own.  There aren’t a lot of warm coat options for guys out there, honestly–not like they have for women. This coat is one of the few I’ve seen that actually live up to the hype–it’s really freaking cool!  First, like many of Lolë’s other jackets, it’s insulated with Cruelty-Free Down at a 90/10 ratio, which is the highest possible ratio as it relates to down jackets. The fill power is 600–which is also incredibly high (as a comparison, most comparable North Face jackets are 550) What this essentially means is you’re getting more warmth for much less weight than what you’ll find in most other jackets.  The exterior is made of Japanese Ripstop Nylon, which is tear and rip-resistant (it’s the same material that the military uses for parachutes!) So you know it’s going to last a LONG time.  If you don’t need something QUITE that warm, there’s also the Lawrence jacket (he doesn’t own that one though so we can’t speak to it personally, but it is the “in between” jacket between the two)–and Neal’s other favorite, the Irving jacket (which he wears whenever he runs outside, because he would get a heat stroke running in the Classon ?) Scroll below for a comparison between them!   (Remember, you get 30% off with code JESS30 between now through 12/15!)   This is Lolë’s warmest Women’s Jacket–if you’re looking for something comparable in warmth to Canada Goose for less than half the price–this is the one to get, my friend! This jacket uses the highest quality Cruelty-Free Down, 700 fill-power (it’s actually warmer than Canada Goose, which has 650 fill power) and 90/10 down to feather ratio (the lightest available). It’s also waterproof, windproof, has a removable hood lined with detachable faux fur lining as well as being eco-friendly (OEKO-TEX® certified).   The Katie jacket is my favorite jacket aesthetically, in my opinion, because it’s the most form-fitting. It’s most comparable to a North Face puffer in terms of warmth (but is actually warmer, at a fill-power of 600 vs. North Face’s 550). If you don’t have the Marybeth in the budget but still want a really warm coat, you can definitely get away with this coat for a Chicago winter. (You just won’t be AS WARM as if you were to be in the Marybeth ?). It has many of the same features as the Marybeth in that it’s made with cruelty-free down, has a removable hood and faux fur lining, and is eco-friendly. However, one important thing to note is that while the Katie is durable water repellant, it’s not waterproof, like the Marybeth is. (Again, minor details that may or may not be important to you!)  (Remember, you get 30% off with code JESS30 between now through 12/15!)   If your guy is the kind that constantly only wants to wear a fleece zip-up because he hates the bulk of a warmer jacket (but you both know he NEEDS a warmer jacket…) this is going to be the best investment he’s ever made. It’s incredibly warm–rain, wind and snow repellant–but it’s very thin and folds up into a teeny tiny pouch–so if you’re going on any trips, it’s the ideal jacket to bring! Perfect for long fall walks, or cold winter runs. The Irving is made of cruelty-free down, and is super lightweight!  It also has zipper pockets and even a key cord to ensure quick access and that they never fall out of your pocket. (Plus, let’s state the obvious–it’s so much more aesthetically pleasing than that old pilling fleece zip-up ). I would say this is all he needs if you live in a slightly warmer climate than Chicago, but if you’re really getting into arctic tundra territory, the Classon would probably be better–then again, there’s the price trade-off too. So it’s definitely up to you!   Basically the Irvings heavier duty big brother. If you have the budget to splurge on a REALLY warm coat–this is it. He won’t be sorry. The Classon is also several inches longer and has a hood, which adds to the warmth as well. On the flip side, what you gain in warmth, you lose in space. The Classon isn’t packable like the Irving–which might be a big factor if your guy likes to travel a lot!  Overall, you can’t go wrong with either coat, it just depends on your preferences!  — WHEW! This was a lot of info, yeah? But I hope it’s helpful! Lolë is truly one of my favorite brands–not only is their clothing super high quality. But they truly have the biggest heart of any brand I’ve ever worked with! From everything they do to make their products socially responsible, to the overall culture of the company (I got to tour their headquarters in Montreal and spend a lot of time with their team!) They are a brand I truly have a lot of passion for, and I know you will as well!  Big thanks to Lolë, my favorite athletic brand, for sponsoring this post, being such a joy to work with, and always being my cheerleaders. And thank you, to my girls, for always supporting the brands who continue to support this blog!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Erin says  December 13, 2018 at 10:41 am Looks like a great option for these cold Chicago winters! Can I ask what size you’re wearing in the hudson jacket? And/or what size you think you’d be in the Marybeth coat? thanks! 
Dakota says  December 14, 2018 at 10:01 am These look great, but I’d love to see a few more budget-friendly options especially with the winter holiday spending crunch  
Stacey says  December 16, 2018 at 12:34 pm I missed the discount ? 
Abby says  December 27, 2018 at 9:52 am Also wondering what size you got in Mary Beth and Katie!  Thanks! 
Sophie says  January 10, 2019 at 5:29 pm Great reviews! I have the Marybeth and I love it!
People stop me on the street to compliment me on my coat.
I also tried the Katie which was very nice too but less warm.
The Katie is also longer and even more form fitting. 
Donna J.Fortney says  March 16, 2019 at 5:29 am Wonderful and eye catching  i mostly wear my avengers age of ultron Scarlet Witch jacket in any occasion during winter and now i would like to buy both winter coat of male and female for me and my hubby. Such a great day ahead. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Knit Dresses, Designer Gowns, Modest Dresses, Printed Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 24, 2017   Grey t-shirt dress: Leith–also in black and olive–if you don’t see your size, check back often because sometimes they re-stock, but they go quickly! (Also comes in a sleeveless version that would be great for summer!) I also love this grey t-shirt dress for only $39!// Sneakers: Jack Purcell (How cute is this navy version with the gold rivets, too? I also love these new “daintier” classic white converse and these light grey converse!) // Leather jacket: Old, but similar here, here, and here! // Bag: Borrowed from Blair (It’s the Chloé “Marcie” Satchel)–this Sole Society satchel is a cute budget-friendly version! // Sunnies: c/o Tuckernuck  // Scarf: Vintage and a gift from my sweet friend Jill, but similar here (with the little strawberries!!), here, here, and I’m obsessed with this white and green one for Spring! // Lipstick: Burberry Lip Velvet lipstick in Bright Plum // Leather jacket: old, but similar here (50% off!) and I love this budget-friendly suede moto version! HAPPY FRIDAY!! You guys–it’s 70 DEGREES HERE TODAY!!! Can you believe it!?




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I’m getting really ahead of myself, but I’m pouring over my list of favorite outdoor patios in Chicago and playing eenie-meenie-miny-mo of which one to go to today! Okay, if we’re being realistic, I’m sure most of them aren’t open yet…but…we’re really pulling for 90 Mile Cuban Cafe for dinner tonight! It’s a cuban BYOB place and they have the best food and if you bring the wine, they make it into some pretttyyy delicious sangria. What more could you want on a 70 degree day? I have a couple beauty tutorials (get excited!) to shoot this morning and then I’m hoping we can take the rest of the day off and spend a lot of time on our front deck. It’s hands-down our favorite part about our house and, um, obviously we haven’t been able to spend a lot of time out there lately  This week has been kind of a blur–you know those weeks where you know you got a lot accomplished but you don’t remember what, exactly? Okay–one significant thing that got accomplished–I hired my new friend Karla to help me clean out and organize our whole bathroom, put the finishing touches on our closet, AND cleared out the guest bedroom closet! I got rid of SO MUCH STUFF–it felt so good! (How it all fit in my house is beyond me!) She’s a wizard and she takes all of your old stuff and sells it, too! If you live in Chicago and are looking to hire a professional organizer, DM me on Instagram and I’ll give you her number! Annyyywayyy–if you happen to see my on the street today, there is a high probability that I will be wearing this exact ensemble! It’s one of my favorite casual outfits and this t-shirt dress couldn’t be comfier. Right now, I wear it out at night with OTK boots (favorite budget-friendly version here)! It’s also versatile for daytime with classic white sneakers and [obviously] my favorite silk scarf (similar here and here!) It also comes in a sleeveless version which will be really great for summer! I think everyone needs to have a few great t-shirt dresses in their wardrobe! More favorite t-shirt dresses:    Other than scoping out some outdoor seating tonight, we don’t have any other plans for this weekend (YESSSSS!) but we’ll likely head to yoga and grab brunch at our favorite casual spot, Janik’s! We’re also babysitting Emma on Monday! (Neal has been looking forward to this for WEEKS. I’ve never met another guy who loves babies so much!)




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  
   Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney Crawley says  March 24, 2017 at 8:39 am The perfect pieces for spring! Enjoy the warm weather today! 
Jess says  March 24, 2017 at 1:40 pm Thanks Britney! Have an awesome weekend!  
Diana Pearl says  March 24, 2017 at 9:34 am Such a cute outfit! So jealous of that warm weather, it’s still in the 30s/40s here in NYC. Not often I’m envious of Chicago’s weather, but today is one of those days! Enjoy it!! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Jess says  March 24, 2017 at 1:40 pm Thanks Diana! Yeah seriously. That probably happens about once a year  Although when I was in NYC, it was WAY colder there than it was in Chicago! So weird! 
Classic Catherine says  March 24, 2017 at 10:58 am I love this outfit! It’s comfy and casual but looks pulled together! I’ve been wearing my Converses a lot lately. They make me feel springy without getting my feet cold.  I’m dreaming of patios too, and they’re saying tomorrow is supposed to be 75, so here’s hoping!
xoxo,
Catherine // Classic Catherine 
Jess says  March 24, 2017 at 1:39 pm Yesss they’re the perfect in-between shoe, aren’t they!? Yesss I hope you have some fun plans to be outside! 
Alicia DeAngelis says  March 24, 2017 at 12:44 pm So jealous of the weather you are having in Chicago…it’s still acting like winter here in RI (ugh). Love the scarf you added to your outfit – I just bought one and can’t wait to wear it – this was great inspiration for an outfit to pair it with! What brand/color is your lipstick in these photos? I love it!  
Jess says  March 24, 2017 at 1:39 pm Hi Alicia! It’s Burberry’s Lip Velvet lipstick in Bright Plum! It’s linked above! Stay warm in RI, I hope you have a great weekend!! 
Cait says  March 26, 2017 at 11:05 am Cuuuuute (and of course I left right when the weather got beautiful!) – it was so good to see ya, lady. 
Thắng Võ says  March 26, 2017 at 10:30 pm i’m very love these dresses!!! It’s beautifull
https://www.lofficiel.vn/mix-match/hoc-hoi-fashionista-cach-phoi-do-voi-ao-thun-trang-cuc-chat.html Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop No Heel Wedges, White And Blue Dresses, Lace Bralettes, Printed Sweaters and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 14, 2015   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Every time I go to write a Wednesday post, I think of my favorite Geico commercial. (Hump dayyyyy!) When Neal and I first started dating, he told me he’d never met anyone who laughed so hard at commercials. One of my many strange quirks, I suppose. I am SUCH a keeper! Anyway, I was saving this shoot for a day in the dead of winter when we totally forgot what other seasons looked like and needed a reminder that it won’t always be -20 degrees outside. Actually, I lied.  I completely forgot about it and remembered when I was in the shower 2 months later. And heyyy here we are! Three things: 1. Doesn’t it look warm? 2. This kind of makes me miss my long hair again. And 3. Did you know that your summer jumpsuit is an awesome layering item? I love when I discover new ways to wear my existing clothes! I picked up this gem of a jumpsuit at the end of the summer at one of my favorite boutiques, Handle With Care. It didn’t get much wear before the seasons started to change, so I was determined to find a way to make it for fall…er…now, winter. Do you have a black jumpsuit you’d try this with? If not, you can get the same look with a lightweight, flowy tank and a pair of pants in the same color! Of course, with your favorite turtleneck layered underneath (I know, you see this one a lot. I promise I don’t sleep in it.)       Shop more options:  Photos by Kelly Larkin  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Modest Dresses, Black And White Jumpsuit, Red Rompers, Tan Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 12, 2019   Above: Three staples I got three years ago at the Nordstrom sale and still wear all the time: Leather jacket, Striped tee, and Rag & Bone raw hem skinny jeans!  Hi guys!  Updating this post live from California! As promised, I wanted to make sure this post was updated with all my sale favorites at first glance, and also with what I personally have ordered from the sale so far.  It seems like the Anniversary sale gets bigger and bigger every year. It’s kind of overwhelming, I know. If you’re feeling that way, don’t worry–I’ve got a GREAT map of content planned out to make shopping the sale as stress-free (and FUN!) as possible!  Now that the sale has gone fully live and I’m able to see the full selection of everything they have–I am BEYOND impressed. I feel like years past sometimes the selection has fallen flat, but this is really the best sale I’ve seen to date!  Keep scrolling below for what I personally ordered so far, my top watch-outs, and then a few of my picks you can shop by category (per your request!) I’m also taking you through what kind of content you can expect from me throughout the sale! (Once my orders come in, haha!)  First though, we’ll dive into some #realtalk about the sale, then some tips for making the most of it, and THEN we’ll get into my picks.  The other day on Instagram, I shared more about how the Nordstrom sale works behind the scenes, why it’s a big deal, why every blogger and their mom and hamster and dog seem to be talking about it–I got SO much good feedback, I figured I’d reiterate it here if you missed it!  The reason the Nordstrom sale is so great is because it features ALL new, never before seen FALL Items (not picked over summer items)–yes, it’s annoying that it’s in JULY and we have to think about buying sweaters in 90 degrees–but with discounts this deep, it’s definitely worth planning ahead for to grab some really great fall/winter staples at a fraction of the price.  Think of it this way… when a blogger’s readers are shopping, they are going to be looking for her for recommendations. I view it as my job to provide value to you, to help you navigate the sale in a way that is intentional and fun–providing my expertise on what I think is/isn’t worth spending your money on. Again, anytime a blogger’s readers are shopping, that also means it is prime revenue generating opportunity for her. Part of how bloggers make money is via affiliate commission–meaning, if you click through a link on someone’s  blog and make a purchase, they get a percentage of that total sale. In Nordstrom’s case, it’s roughly about 10%, give or take on average, of that total purchase that someone makes. It doesn’t even have to be the specific item linked to–just ANY purchase at all, and we get a cut of that.  For me personally, depending on the month, affiliate commission can be 50% or more of my entire revenue for the month–so this income stream is really important for my bottom line.  Additionally–Nordstrom is the highest converting retailer for pretty much every blogger across the board, because Nordstrom’s website is so user friendly and amazing, and they offer so many great things for everyone, AND have fantastic customer service, returns, and free shipping–it’s pretty much impossible to go to Nordstrom.com and not add something to your cart, right? Thus–when your highest converting retailer has a sale–that is gangbuster opportunity for you!  As crazy as it sounds, I actually make more affiliate revenue during the Nordstrom sale than I do on affiliate revenue for the in the ENTIRE month of December. (So think about how many gift guides/etc I do and how many people are shopping for gifts in December–MORE people buy during the Nordstrom sale than buy in December. Insanity, right?)  That being said–this is definitely NOT a plug to ask you to shop using my links! DO NOT feel pressure to ever use my links! Knowing that I helped you find items that you love or recommended something that improved your life in some small way is by far and away the biggest win for me. That is why I get up in the morning! Please shop however you would like and know that there is never any pressure from me to make a purchase through my personal links. I’m just sharing the behind the scenes of how EVERYTHING works in an effort to be super transparent and shed some light on the whole #NSale phenomenon.  Andddd I hope you enjoyed this episode of *behind the scenes of blogging business*  Hi Kelly!!  Come back here as soon as the sale is live, because all these links you see in this post below will work and they will lead you to product pages where you can add them to cart. For the first week of the sale, only Nordstrom cardholders are allowed to shop. I NEVER. EVER. EVER advocate opening a retail credit card–however, I do have a Nordstrom Retail card for this specific purpose. You can start shopping instantly if you’re approved. More info on Nordstrom cards here.   You absolutely do NOT *need* to open a Nordstrom card. That should not go on the list of things you need to do in your adult life.  BUT if you plan to use the Nordstrom sale as a means to stock your fall wardrobe, and you are financially responsible, yes, you may *want* to look into opening one. I don’t ever put anything on this card other than my early access Nordstrom sale purchases (I use my regular credit card the remainder of the year), and I pay it off IMMEDIATELY, in full, and then I put it away and never take it out again until the sale the following year. If you cannot pay something off in full do not open a Nordstrom card–because you shouldn’t be spending money you don’t have anyway. (At the risk of TOTALLY sounding like my mother. #ThisIs31.)  Find a friend with a Nordstrom card and have her buy your stuff, and Venmo her.  I will definitely do another big roundup of my favorite items that are still in stock on Public Access day, so you don’t have to worry about getting your heart set on something that is out of stock.  I’m going to be honest with you–probs not. Which sucks. In the past, when something is gone, it’s gone. Restocks will happen here and there in small quantities as returns come back in, but there are never massive quantities of restocks.  Yes, SOME of the best stuff does sell out during early access and having a card is the only way you’ll get access to it. But on the flip side, a LOT of great stuff was still around for public access. You are not missing out in some terrible way that will alter your life if you do not get a Nordstrom credit card.   Go through your existing fall/winter wardrobe and clean out anything you didn’t wear last year. Resell the items that are like-new (great for funding new purchases!), or donate them. Make a list of the holes in your wardrobe–take inventory. This will avoid you buying a 10th black turtleneck sweater you don’t need, and keep the staples you need to round out your ideal wardrobe front and center.  Especially at the beginning of early access and the beginning of public access–stuff will sell out right from under you. Don’t add something to your cart and then continue browsing for an hour. If you find something you have to have, GRAB IT because it’ll likely be gone quickly. If you’re really out for the best deals, it’s best to place multiple orders vs. wait hours or days curating one big order. (Ugh this is stressful, but it’s true.)  ALSO—order multiple sizes if sizing is in question for you. If you need to exchange something for a different size, chances are it might not be in stock and it will have sold out in between the time you purchased and the time you received the order. You can always return what doesn’t fit!   Above: My Nordstrom Sale Capsule Wardrobe from last year!  I definitely want to be SUPER intentional with HOW I am approaching the sale so A. You don’t feel pressured to buy everything in sight (the anxiety!) and B. I can help you curate fewer, better wardrobe staples that will last you multiple seasons, and bring a ton of joy to your closet! Here’s the plan for my content over the next few weeks–I hope you’re as excited as I am!  Hint: It’s THIS POST! (If I ever shut up and stop yapping, you could get to the shopping part! ) I know you can’t click through and add anything to your cart YET–but come back here as soon as the sale goes live at 12:30pm EST, because when you click through the links then, you will be able to add my picks to your cart!  **I will be updating this post with my personal purchases as well once I place my first order! Make sure to revisit this post again and check stories frequently**  Based on your feedback, you want to see classic, versatile staples, call-outs for items under $100, pieces that can work in and out of the office, highlights of the best bras/undies, pajamas, investment denim, and outerwear. I also definitely want to be as size-inclusive as possible, and will be on the lookout for my favorite plus size items as well as petite items!  My focus is quality over quantity, and I’d much rather focus on featuring a handful of staples I know you’ll love vs trying to cover as many items as possible.  If I weren’t in California this week I would definitely say to expect some try-ons this morning, but honestly, I don’t really know if I’m going to be able to swing it with wedding festivities. I will do my best–so keep an eye out here and on stories, but I might not be able to get to try-ons until next week! Either way, I will keep a pulse on what is and isn’t out of stock and try to post a few, well-curated try-ons for both early access and public access of what I ordered and what I think is most worth your spend.      I got so much good feedback on my Nordstrom Sale Capsule Wardrobe post I did last year, so I want to build upon that and take that a couple steps further! This year, I plan to do a series of posts (like I did for How to style a bodysuit four ways or 11 accessible ways to wear leopard print or How to style joggers six ways). They will be part IG story styling session, part blog post. (They will play off of one another!) If you have any specific requests for this–I’d love to hear them!  This way, you’ll be able to assess how versatile a specific item really is and get more wear out of it, and also–if you aren’t shopping the sale and putting yourself on a buying freeze (GO GIRL!) you can still get outfit inspiration and fresh new ideas on how to style similar items you may already have in your wardrobe! I want this content to be for everyone, NOT just those shopping the sale!  I will be doing these types of posts all throughout the sale, not just early access–so there will definitely be plenty of items to go around for everyone!  Here’s the thing guys–this is an AMAZING opportunity to snag a few great staples, but please do get too wrapped up in it. DO NOT buy another black top when you have 5 because it’s a good deal. You probably don’t *need* a trendy ruffle dress even if it’s half off. And do. not. under any circumstances, choose buying clothes over things like paying off your credit card, paying down student loan debt, or spending money on clothes instead of travel.  Personally, I get really conflicted in periods of high volume shopping, because I never want to make you feel pressured to spend money you shouldn’t, or that you need to buy new clothes to be stylish––and if you ever come away from this blog feeling like that, I have wholeheartedly let you down.  These are JUST clothes. Okay? Can we all remember that? This is fun–not pressure!  I say this every year but I always want to reiterate–the reason I can afford to buy a bunch of clothes is because I make money on them. This is my job. For me, reviewing clothes=positive ROI. My job is to review clothes for you and help make your life easier. If I did not do this for a living, I certainly would not be able to afford dropping hundreds of dollars on clothes during one sale. You don’t NEED to buy anything from this sale, and if you do buy something, buying just one or two items is certainly the norm, even if it’s not what you see on Instagram.  PLEASE remember that, okay?  With ALLLLLL that (are you still reading? ) being said–let’s get into my initial sale picks! Here is what is catching my eye so far, organized by category that you’ve requested specifically.    The BEST fall/winter boots that exist. I have turned so many of you onto Blondo boots and consider it one of my big life accomplishments BECAUSE THEY’RE THAT GREAT! They are ALL 100% waterproof and salt-proof. They are beautiful, versatile, comfortable, go with everything. Seriously, if you buy one pair of shoes for fall, these should be them. They make lot’s of different styles–so whether you’re looking for boots or booties, I think you’ll find something there.  My #1 pick this year: The Blondo Noreen Waterproof Suede Knee-High Boots! These were the first thing I added to my cart this morning!  I am VERY pleased with the selection of cashmere and cashmere wraps/capes this year and I think they’re going to go very fast. I still have a cashmere wrap I got from the NSale two years ago and it’s still one of my favorites! These typically are some of the first things to go. Linking my favorites below–I’m actually shocked they aren’t all sold out at this point! 
   Love this staple sweater that I ordered in grey. A similar Leith wrap sweater was my #1 top selling item during the sale last year, I think because, like me, you guys are always on the lookout for cute *warm* sweaters/tops you can wear for date night. This is this year’s Leith sweater and honestly I like it even more than last year’s!      Also very impressed with the selection of leather/suede jackets this year in comparison to years past. I feel like they have a lot more options. I typically always snag a leather or suede jacket that I’m in love with during the Nordstrom sale and I still have them ALL. The ones I own are by both BlankNYC and Halogen–both are great brands I highly recommend. These are well-made staples that will last you a long time and through many different seasons. I ordered this beautiful lambskin leather jacket (on sale for $239 marked down from $360!) to test out for you guys because it’s very similar to my leather jacket from Italy you guys love and always ask about!     
My second and third bestsellers during the sale last year were the Ponte leggings and the Zella leggings–and for good reason–you will wear them INTO. THE. GROUND. First up–the High waist Ponte Leggings–these are a newer iteration of the ones I own but they are so fantastic for work because they are basically…classy, thick, work appropriate leggings.  Second–Zella’s cult classic Live In leggings–while I think they are inaccurately compared to Lululemon leggings (they aren’t anything like Lululemon leggings) they are wonderful in different ways. They’re great thick leggings that you’ll wear in and out of the gym–good for everything from lounging, to yoga, to HIIT workouts. They’re super comfy and flattering, and this is a great time to snag them for a fraction of the price.  Third–Commando’s infamous leather leggings are included in the sale! I love these just as much as I love the Spanx ones, they’re just different. I’d say the Commando ones are less shiny than the Spanx ones! I ordered another pair this morning!   HE IS BACKKKK!!! Remember the devastation that was the day that all the Wubby Fleece’s sold out last holiday and nobody could get their hands on one? (If you’re new, I basically lived in my Wubby Fleece every day from November through…May? ) It’s the most wonderful, soft, warm thing you’ll put on your body. They have new colors or the classic grey color if that’s more your jam! I ordered this white one this morning!    I am throughly impressed with Nordstrom’s selection of blazers this year–so many that you can wear in AND outside of the office. There are sweater blazers to structured blazers–definitely something for everyone. They look so cute thrown over a lace camisole for a night out, too! Here are a few of my favorites. (Note, sometimes the wrong colors show up in the widget, so if you like a style, click through and they probably have more colors!)  Not a HUGE selection of denim at first glance, but definitely a few stand-outs:   I got my first pair of Rag + Bones from the sale a couple years back, and WOW you guys–they are the real deal. Worth every penny. They are the most comfortable skinny jeans I own and they are so flattering. This pair is basically the black version! It seems like this pair runs small based on the reviews so maybe order two sizes and return whatever doesn’t fit just in case! I ordered a pair this morning and sized up per reviews!  You guys know how much I adore my Levi’s Wedgie jeans! I’ve been wanting a black pair of wedgies for a long time and I’m actually really shocked they’re part of the sale! Wedgie jeans sizing is tricky and kind of all over the place based on exact style and who you ask. Again, I would order two sizes and return the one that doesn’t fit to ensure you get the best size and so they don’t sell out if you need to exchange!  You guys RAVE about these jeans–I don’t own a pair myself, but I feel like I should pull the trigger this time. These are THE #1 most recommended reader jean for ANY body type! (Read more in my Real Women Approved: Best Jeans post!) Fit update: One reader said to size down in these because they’re stretchier than most Madewell jeans! I ordered a pair of these this morning!  I have owned many a great pair of Paige jeans. They are always high quality, flattering, and comfortable! I also love this color–a deep inky blue, so they transition really well from day to night!   The Leopard Slip Dress: This migghtttt be the one statement piece I’m most excited about. OK I know it’s not exactly a “simple staple” but if I can get my hands on it to do a styling session before it sells out, I promise I’ll prove to you how versatile it is. I love that you can style it right now with sandals, and later on with ankle booties–slip dresses look so cute layered on longer sleeved pieces for fall and winter, and you know how much I love leopard!  If you’re looking for a super affordable, “fun” buy to wear now and into fall, this is totally it! FYI BP usually runs TTS for me–the XS was already sold out so I got a small. I’ll report back on sizing!  Always, always, hands down, one of my most talked about wardrobe staples–the lace camisole. It has never met a season or an occasion it didn’t like. (Honestly, if you challenged me to style one for anything from church to a wedding, I think I could do it.) I love how this one is satin with lace trim and I especially love the polka dot pattern but I also love the leopard version! Only $25! FYI: BP runs TTS for me so I’ll order an XS in this. I ordered this too!   One of my favorite tote bags of all time–I own this in both black and brown. This is a special version that has a cute suede stripe down the middle! (I haven’t seen this one before! Maybe it’s a new release just for the sale?!) Either way, if you’ve been looking for a great, high quality, all-purpose tote, I can’t recommend this one enough.   I got quite a few requests for pajamas, and if I could pick one pair, it would hands down be the Moonlight pajamas. They come in both shorties and long pants/sleeves and they are the softest, cutest, most wonderful pajamas that will make you feel like a very put together adult. There is nothing like pulling on these pajamas on after a nice hot shower, and crawling in bed to read a good book. (They would also make the best bridesmaid getting ready pajamas!) I ordered another pair this morning because I love them so much!   OK I cannot speak to the fit or quality of this because I’ve NEVER seen BP make anything like this before, but it’s one of my favorite budget-friendly brands, so I’m really hoping it’s as amazing as it looks–it’s a JUMPSUIT that is made of super soft waffle material–so it basically feels like pajamas but is chic so you can wear it out of the house, to run errands, on the plane, etc. I think this will go VERY fast just due to the nature of it! I ordered it this morning!    A lot of you guys said you were waiting for Natori bras (like their famed feathers bra!) to go on sale–here they are! I’m actually ordering one myself to see what all the hype is about! They are one of the #1 ranked bras by YOU GUYS in my Real Women Approved: Bras and Undies post!   I’m actually pretty bummed my curling iron isn’t on sale. But my hair dryer is! I don’t use a hair dryer often, but when I do, I’m so glad I have this one. It’s small, super lightweight, and I swear it dries my hair in half the time it takes a normal dryer to, which minimizes damage overall! Can’t say enough good things about it.  I’ve never seen them have such a great collection of statement coats. This is definitely the best chance to buy one at the deepest discount! I’m in love with all the blues and yellows I’m seeing especially! Plus, they have some really cute faux fur and teddy coats too!            Many of the above brands come in plus as well, but here are some super cute stand-out’s that caught my eye as well: 
  Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Fashion Jackets, Gold Flats, Colored Denim Jeans, Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 9, 2017   Sweater: Free People (last seen here!) Their Saturday Morning cardigan also looks so cozy! Also, Barefoot dreams makes a cult favorite cardigan that is so insanely soft–I borrowed Blair’s once and didn’t want to give it back! | White silk blouse: Everlane (they also just came out with a new silk blouse with pockets!) White jeans: Levi’s 721 skinny jeans(on INSANE sale for $27! Shopbop has a ton of amazing white jeans, and Zappos has ALL the 721’s on sale for crazy good prices!) I’ve also heard really great things about this pair for $64!| Cap-toe shoes: old, but identical here! I also love this version!| Bag: Vintage | Bike: Raleigh Bike “Superbe” (full review on it here!) Why so much hate for white after Labor Day? I’ve never really understood it. After all, white isn’t JUST a summer color. I mean, haven’t they ever heard of “winter white”? People often get weary of “mixing whites” too–like it’s the biggest faux pas that could ever occur! (Whenever people heard that I was letting my bridesmaids choose their own white gowns–the FIRST thing out of everyone’s mouths was–”Oh, but how will you ensure the whites match!? ?”) I actually like mixing whites. I think the variation in shade adds more interest, and, more importantly–who has time or energy these days to worry about whether their whites match!? Goodness. That sounds exhausting. So next time you’re worried about wearing white on white, remember, you have my blessing to mismatch! ? White pants, for one, are a staple that I wear year-round–yes, even for winter. (They look pretty darn fabulous with a chunky sweater and OTK boots, if I do say so myself!) Add this white silk blouse to that list too–it’s one of my favorite items in my closet. It’s so feminine and timeless, and there’s hardly any occasion it wouldn’t be suitable for! (Plus, it’s under $100, too!) This white cardigan is also one of my coziest fall purchases yet, and it’s the ideal outer layer for the barely chilly evenings we’ve been experiencing over the last few weeks. It feels like wrapping yourself in your favorite knit blanket, which is always a plus in my book, hehe. I purchased these cap-toe pumps (with a baby heel, but really, they’re more like flats!) last spring, and I’ve worn them so much since. They’re every Francolphile’s dream!       I guess when it all comes down to it, I’ve never really cared much for those social “rules” that everyone seems to live by. I like wearing white after Labor Day, what I’m eating for dinner doesn’t dictate the color of wine that I drink, and I don’t set the table with two different types of forks. (Although…I did register for some really gorgeous gold salad forks so maybe now I should?! ?) We’ve been having the most amazing Indian summer here in Chicago–where it’s warm during the day but it gets chilly at night–so this ensemble with plenty of layers has been my go-to white outfit lately. I’ve been riding my bike just about everywhere lately (the basket is perfect for picking up essentials at the farmer’s market in the park right by our house–and, of course, you know, transporting my favorite wine and snacks to Shaheen’s house down the street, for example.) Speaking of, Neal and I have also been spending as much time as we can outdoors–unwinding with a glass of vino and soaking up every second that we can of the beautiful weather before winter arrives! (I promise he’s USUALLY drinking wine with me. He just, um, wasn’t available for these photos ?)      Speaking of wine AND white after Labor Day–I wholeheartedly embrace white wine all year long! One of my new favorite fall whites has been the Chloe Pinot Grigio. Turns out, it’s been the perfect beverage for this beautiful fall we’ve been having. I have fully embraced the autumn wine picnics that come along with the perfect 68 degree fall nights in Wicker Park. The wine has been pairing perfectly with some of our favorite fall dishes, such as grilled chicken and roasted vegetables!  Made in Northern Italy, (AKA, it’s the real deal) it has notes of white peach, crisp apple, and an undertone of Meyer lemon that is just as perfect for a crisp fall night as it is for a summer afternoon. We paired it with grilled pork chops on Monday night and ate dinner with the door open—it was heaven! Next time you’re picking up a bottle of wine for a party or just a night in, I highly recommend giving it a try! (You can find out where to buy it in your area right here!) You could say we’re stretching out every bit of “summer-fall” that we can ?      Big thanks to Chloe Wine Collection, a brand we love and purchase often, for sponsoring this post! You can check them out on Facebook and Instagram! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Stacy says  October 9, 2017 at 11:42 am Love the look! I’m all for white after Labor Day, but whenever I try to mix whites, I always feel like I look ridiculous. I don’t know how to do it so fashionably, like you did here!  
Diana Pearl says  October 9, 2017 at 12:44 pm I LOVE mixing whites. Wearing cream with bright white is one of my favorite looks!  x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Britney Crawley says  October 9, 2017 at 3:29 pm Too cute! Love the creme and white combinations. I’m totally for wearing white after labor day, especially when we have warm fall weather to start the season off. Love that the bike made an appearance too. 
Clara DV says  October 10, 2017 at 1:42 am Love this outfit. I guess here in Spain we’ve never had that rule so it’s totally acceptable!
My only problem is that I am so pale I sort of feel washed out when I’m wearing white and I’m not tanned (aka all the time). And also it’s not visually slimming (which why I gravitate towards all back), but you girl loom gorgeous so I need to give it another try! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Orange Dresses, Bralettes, Sleeveless Dresses, Long Black Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 26, 2019   Romper: Sanctuary c/o Lord and Taylor, Sandals: Sam Edelman, Bag: Nordstrom, Hat: Amazon Bike: Raleigh Bikes Guys–THANK YOU for bearing with me with my posting hiatus last week. I just had too much going on and really needed to focus on what needed to be my priority–getting my TJ’s Hacks e-Book launched! Which, I’m excited to say, WILL BE RELEASED THIS WEEK! VERY SOON! As soon as I wrap up a few more tiny details! It will be launched first to my email list, who will get access to special free bonuses as well–like a TJ’s Meal Plan and printable grocery list–so make sure you sign up for my email list ASAP!  Anyway, HOW IS IT ALMOST LABOR DAY WEEKEND!? I know a lot of you guys will be packing up and headed to the beach for one last summer hurrah, so today, we’re talking what to wear to the beach!  First up–PSA: This romper is on clearance for over half off! Now it’s only $58! It’s probably been one of my most worn one-pieces of the summer. (Right behind the Amazon mumu!) It’s super breathable, and the drawstring makes it super flattering, but also easy to shimmy off for bathroom breaks. (Sorry if that’s TMI but like…that’s my #1 qualification for any romper.) Whether you’re biking on the boardwalk or throwing it on over a bathing suit, this is a great one-and-done outfit that will transition perfectly from swimming to cocktails on the patio!  The brand who makes this romper is Sanctuary, which I LOVE––they have a lot of really great comfortable yet chic staples––I’m eyeing this really cute linen/cotton shirt for Spain as well!  I’ve had this beach bag for a couple of years now, and it’s my favorite because it’s packable–so it’s especially great when you’re going on vacation! It folds up into nothing, and holds A LOT of stuff. (Like, my favorite clean sunscreen, beach towel, a couple bottles of rosé, snacks…you know, the important things.) Need some beach reads to stash in your bag? Look no further than this post!  Summery leather slides are soooo much cuter than flip flops–they don’t rub in between your toes (bleh!) and they look so much more chic than rubber sandals! This pair I’m wearing here are the Sam Edelman Bay sandals, and they are very comfortable! My other favorite pair are the Steven Greece slides–which I wore ALL over Italy!  How cute is this $18 straw hat!? Again, another cheap Amazon find–but such a good one! The inside is adjustable so it fits all head sizes! Plus, it easily rolls up so you can stash it in your bag and don’t have to worry about it getting crushed!         If you’re looking to up your beach style game–I love a good crop top/high waisted suit combo! If you usually don’t like two piece swimsuits, this is a great one, because it has a lot more coverage than most! This bathing suit is…you guessed it…the theme of the summer–from Amazon. Comes in tons of colors, too! You can also get it ASAP in time for this weekend! I have more of my favorite Amazon suits linked in my Amazon shop, too, FYI! I’m wearing a small!   Is it a midi dress? A maxi dress? A cover-up? A dinner dress!? ALL of the above! The dress of the summer (I’ve dubbed The Mumu–also known as the #AmazonNightgown) I cannot stop wearing is the PERFECT thing to pack for a beach vacay. (I have it in two colors and ordered a third!) Colors and sizes are selling out really fast now because of a story Glamour ran on Grace starting the mumu revolution–LOOK at all the huge news outlets that picked it up!! (I also make a cameo ) Size up if you typically need room in the chest (I did not, I’m wearing a small. I’m 5’6 for reference because people always ask, but this dress will look cute no matter where it hits on you–maxi or midi.)  See my whole review on the Amazon mumu in this post!   Shorts: Agolde, Bathing Suit Cover-up: Amazon, Sandals: Steve Madden, Bathing Suit: Amazon My favorite denim shorts of all time–this AGolde pair! Splurge-yes, but they’re basically the only pair that I wear, so when you do the cost-per-wear math, it definitely evens out! I went with my normal size because I wanted them loose, but if you want them tighter around the waist and butt, go a size down. I also love this bathing suit top and bottom (sold out in blue but other colors available!) I’ve had it for two years and wore it into the ground–I won’t say it’s the highest quality, but it’s really cute and a crazy price! **Not remotely supportive though, fair warning. I also got this tunic to wear on my honeymoon and it’s been a staple ever since!  See my jean shorts review in this post! (Includes another budget-friendly alternative, too!)   Tunic: Kos Resort (The blue is old out, but still available in pink, also love this one!), Sunnies: Ray-Ban I love this cute little tunic! It’s adorable as a top or alone as a cover-up. Super lightweight, so it keeps you cool! Will definitely be bringing this to Spain with us!  Top photos by Hannah Schweiss  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Trendy Tops, Rebecca Taylor Blouses, Cutout Dresses, High Heeled Pumps and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 14, 2013  In the event that you haven’t quite finished your Christmas shopping, I had to make sure you didn’t overlook these amazing Kate Spade options for all the ladies on your list. You’ll find some fabulous new sale items and a great selection of gifts under $100. Check out my favorite picks below and hopefully you’ll be able to cross everyone off your list!       Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White And Blue Dresses, Black Off Shoulder Dresses, Black Flat Sandals, Tassel Earrings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 17, 2018   Sooo this was NOT the post I planned for today–I spent over two hours on the post that was supposed to go up this morning and then my site crashed and it got deleted ?So..I’ll be re-writing that for later this week, haha! In the meantime, I did stumble upon another amazing J.Crew flash sale. (I feel like they’ve been running even more crazy sales lately than usual!) So I’m doing a quick roundup for those of you who want to invest in a few more essentials for Fall. The deal: For 48 hours J.Crew is having a flash sale–get 35% off with code FLASH! Here are my picks: Like the one I’m wearing above! (Sorry–the earrings/scarf are from last year!) If you’ve been following me through at least ONE winter, you know that these turtlenecks are the backbone of my wardrobe during the colder months. They just came out with more PRINTS–AAAH–I just got the camel and navy stripe and the leopard is in my cart as we speak! They’re perfect for layering because they’re really thin! Wear them to work, on the weekend, pretty much everywhere! I am also loving their Cameron pants in these fall colors (especially the olive!) I’m also a fan of [duh] the French Girl crops–they’re work appropriate yet don’t look like “office pants.” They also have some really cute dresses and skirts! So many cute tops and sweaters–including my favorite new leopard silk button down! (Runs TTS) I’m obsessed! Also, I’m obsessed with their bodysuits–I need the henley version! Including my favorite Jcrew jeans! (They’re super stretchy and so comfortable on! Order your regular size!) BOTH my favorite warm wool coats are on sale–I know I won’t shut up about them but if you want a nice wool coat, you want the Cocoon Coat (order your normal size) or the Lady Day coat (order a size up!) They’re made with extra special material that makes them warmer than other coats! Also, my favorite sweater blazer is in the sale too! It’s perfect for the office but I wear it ALL the time with casual outfits! Their Daphne wool topcoat is also one of my go-to fall coats this season, but it’s not warm enough for Chicago winter–better for ladies in milder climates if you’re looking for a warm coat!     Happy shopping!  Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Swimsuit, Grey Leggings, Fashion Jackets, White And Black Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 16, 2015   Coat: Loft // Top: old (similar here) // Shorts: Forever21 // Sandals: Madewell (identical here) // Lips: MAC Lady Danger // Bracelet: c/o Busywrist // Rings: c/o Sterling Forever Sooo… The Hawks won the cup AGAIN!! I think it’s safe to say that 90% of my Chicago friends reading this are probably hungover, so I will keep this short and sweet today! P.S. if you want some adorable Hawks gear (like I posted here last night) check out this site! They’re a small startup and have some really cute gear for women!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Anyway, on to today’s outfit. A version of this has been on constant rotation pretty much throughout the entire month of June. One minute it’s stifling hot, the other minute it’s 50 degrees. How does one deal with such annoying fluctuations? An anorak. (Full disclosure, I borrowed this one from Kelly because it’s the cutest thing ever and I hadn’t yet had the time to purchase it for myself. Also, we end up accidentally matching so much that I wasn’t sure if it was 100% necessary for me to increase those chances two-fold. But I think I’m still going to. Shh.) Regardless, I think it’s worth noting that this one from Loft is on MAJOR sale (just $89!) a the moment, so if you’re interested in snagging one, you’ll definitely want to do it now!     Photos by Kelly and Shaheen  (Which means it’s almost Wednesday, which means we’re halfway through the week! This is good logic, yes?) Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Camis And Tanks, Bralettes, Red Maxi Dresses, Gold Lariat Necklaces and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 28, 2017   Like it or not…wedding season is ramping up! (AGAIN?!)




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I have always been a huge fan of the LWD (little white dress)–it’s my color of choice for summer dresses! As we get closer and closer to our wedding, I’ve found myself scouring my favorite websites for little white dresses even more than usual–you know, for showers, bachelorette party, rehearsal dinner, the list goes on. I’ve also received quite a few requests for a LWD roundup from fellow engaged readers, so, as we near the beginning of wedding season madness–I figured, no time like the present! There are SO many to choose from, even I get overwhelmed–so hopefully this list helps you narrow down you pare down your shopping to-do’s!  This is a perfect LWD that you can style for just about any situation. Modest but still stylish and classic! I am IN LOVE with this off the shoulder button-up dress. So cute for backyard BBQ’s, date nights, or showers. If you’ve been unsure about pulling off a midi-dress, I love this one because it’s basically half mini, half midi! I love the lace sheer overlay detail! This boho dress is great for everything from your engagement party to Lollapalooza! I love the off-white juxtaposed with the white lace pattern on this OTS number. Another classic variation–this hue of ivory is less harsh than white and flattering on so many skin tones. This little dress is, in a word–darling. And it’s only $99! Wear it to everything from brunch to the beach! A great bachelorette party or rehearsal dinner dress–or for any dressed-up wedding celebration! A classic, feminine midi-maxi dress. The vintage-inspired silhouette gives you something old and something new! Another favorite of mine, you can’t get more timeless and feminine! The crochet details on this lace slip dress are so pretty! I love the criss-cross straps in the back, too. Boho meets classic in this lightweight midi, perfect for any bridal occasions this summer. J.Crew is at it again with the ideal little white eyelet shift dress! How cute are those sleeves? The cutest swim coverup that can double for dinner–great for your bachelorette party or your honeymoon! (Or, you know, anything else this summer–if you’re not the bride! :-P) The floral pattern on this lace is to die for. The scalloped neckline is also adorable, and I love that it has side slits to show some leg! Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Ashley La Fleur says  March 28, 2017 at 6:39 am I’ve been eyeing that third one for awhile! 
Rachel Spross says  March 28, 2017 at 9:39 am A girl can’t ever have too many white dresses! Love your picks  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Jessica Camerata says  March 28, 2017 at 9:58 am I’ll just have one of each please, love this list! xo Jessica My Style Vita 
Diana Pearl says  March 28, 2017 at 10:31 am Love a little white dress! Want all of these. x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Britney Crawley says  March 29, 2017 at 7:44 am So fun! Love the one you’re wearing! I saw a cute dress at JCrew Factory, similar to the one you picked from Nordstrom there, that was on sale yesterday. I almost bought it, but I know I’m still going to be pale for several weeks! White just doesn’t appeal to me as much until we’re in the middle of summer. Love these on other people, but can’t get over looking like Casper myself!  
Robin Puelma says  March 29, 2017 at 12:26 pm Love these! But love yours more! Did I miss where it’s from?? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Printed Jumpsuits, Black Pj Sets, Bralettes, Denim Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 13, 2016   Blouse: c/o Ann taylor (Similar here, here, here though!) // Pants: Old, similar here,and  here, // Bag: c/o Gigi NY // Shoes: Aerosoles (old) but similar here and here // Bracelets: Busywrist 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Last Wednesday was one of my favorite days ever in recent history.  Kelly, Blair, Shaheen and I had been planning a get together with the four of us (I hadn’t seen Kelly or Shaheen since getting engaged!) but for one reason or another, our schedules just didn’t align. We finally settled on last Wednesday as a celebratory date, and had the best girls day! We took a half-day off and went wedding dress shopping together at both Glamour Closet (amazing sample dresses!) and Alice in Ivory. There were definitely some tears shed, and some beautiful dresses found! (Not sure if they’re THE dress yet–such hard decisions–but definitely top contenders!)  After dress shopping, we had lunch at Summer House Santa Monica and ate ALL OF THE FOOD. (When you have a pregnant friend, she tends to be a really bad influence on you, you know? That’s what we kept telling ourselves. Blame it on the pregnant girl.) We had rosé at 3pm and a skillet cookie with ice cream for dessert and it was THE. BEST.  We pretty much had the whole restaurant to ourselves with the exception of a couple “ladies who lunch” tables. Ha! Getting a fancy lunch “just because” on a Wednesday was definitely a treat.  Afterwords, we went back to Shaheen’s to hang out and get ready for her husband, Trevor’s surprise party at Parson’s Chicken and Fish. He just completed his residency program, so Shaheen, the cutest wife she is, planned a party and even got a custom X-Ray cake made! He actually came home unexpectedly early and we had to McGiver the cake out of the laundry room without him noticing! Haha!         P.S. Shop more floral faves here:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kelly in the City says  June 13, 2016 at 9:56 am Best day ever!!!  Sigh — So many tears! LOVED this outfit and LOVE you! SO MUCH HAPPINESS! xoxo!!! 
Kayla Baldorado says  June 13, 2016 at 10:09 am This is such a fun summer look!! It’s so crisp and fresh with a pop of color! Love!!!  xo,
Kayla
http://www.whitepearlsandblackcurls.com 
Rachel {Love This Life} says  June 13, 2016 at 11:04 am That sounds like such a wonderful day! The kind that just make you so happy and thankful and have happy sighs when you go to bed.  
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  June 13, 2016 at 11:09 am Can we go back to this day? I keep looking at the preview to this post of mine because it makes me so happy! Heart you beef and can’t wait for all the wedding planning – LOVE! 
Maggie says  June 13, 2016 at 11:18 am Such a fun day! That is so exciting about the wedding hunting and Shaheen’s husband! -Maggie   http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  June 13, 2016 at 8:38 pm How fun!! And I love your blue bracelet! 
SarahLagen says  June 14, 2016 at 11:33 am Sounds like you ladies had a great girls day!! I love those kinds of days, it’s so fun to hang out with girlfriends!  xo, Sarah
http://www.thekissingboothblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lariats, Blue Backpacks, Tees, Platform Black Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 12, 2015     Cashmere Open Cardigan: c/o Vineyard Vines // Army Green Utility Skirt: c/o Vineyard Vines // Bag: c/o Coach Swagger 20 w/ Pebble Leather // Polka Dot Button Down: Maison Jules // Sneakers: Keds // Watch: c/o Coach Delancey Gold Plaited Bracelet Watch    As I’ve told you guys before, I’m kind of a serial outfit repeater. I typically get stuck on an outfit combination that just works and I’ll often wear it multiple times per week. This is my latest one. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Adorable, casual, comfortable. The perfect criteria for a seasonal uniform. I’m actually writing this post in the airport, wearing this Vineyard Vines cashmere cardigan as we speak. (Although this time, it’s with black leggings and loafers seeing as I had to leave for the airport at 5:30am. Kelly and Noodle so graciously insisted on giving me a ride at the crack of dawn.)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Then there’s this utility skirt. Slightly tomboyish and the best fall color, which is nicely offset with a girly polka dot button down and my new favorite pinky-red lipstick: M.A.C Retro Matte Relentlessly Red.            Photos by Kelly Larkin  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Natalie @ Natalie Was Here says  October 12, 2015 at 9:23 am LOVE this look, Jess! Like you, I’m a MAJOR serial outfit repeater — but I just call it being resourceful  I’ve currently been living in cozy sweaters and denim everything. Thank god the ’90s are back, am I right? xo,
Natalie | Natalie Was Here 
Hunter B says  October 12, 2015 at 10:50 am Such a cute look! I love how you paired the cheetah print belt with the polka dot shirt, such a unique combo and I love it!
Always, Hunter 
shaheen khan | lows to luxe says  October 12, 2015 at 11:42 am you are so cute! 
Carly says  October 12, 2015 at 1:31 pm …But it’s okay because I’m OBSESSED with this look. And you. xo 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  October 13, 2015 at 12:14 am Super cute outfit! Her Heartland Soul
http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Megan says  October 13, 2015 at 7:24 am It is adorable, casual and looks so comfy! I love the color combo and the little pop from the shirt! have a wonderful day // http://www.lifeloveandbe.com 
Alyssa Thomas says  October 13, 2015 at 7:52 am This is so cute!!  Alyssa | Glitter and Grey 
Colleen Ittner says  October 13, 2015 at 7:01 pm Jess, I love you blog!! And this one especially because I am a total outfit repeater! On maternity leave now, with baby girl Emerson, and I always find myself reading your blog in the middle of the night! See you in Beverly shores!  
oliveyewjewels says  October 20, 2015 at 12:39 pm Super cute fall look, I love how the dotted pattern on your shirt help give some fun “pop” in the wardrobe and the gold circle necklace matches to emphasize it.  https://www.etsy.com/shop/OliveYewJewels […] paired it with my new favorite (and first-ever) cashmere cardigan, which I want to sleep in. I also shot Jess in the same sweater (in gray) a few days ago, and I LOVED how she styled it. Totally had me wondering where my polka-dot top went… But we […] […] on to today’s outfit! You first saw this sweater on the blog in this post earlier this fall but I’ve been wearing it weekly ever since then! It’s super soft and warm. Although […] […] Photo by Kelly Larkin. See outfit details here!  […] […] Photo by Kelly Larkin. See outfit details here!  […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Mini Skirts, White And Black Blouses, Tees, Boxes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 20, 2017   Sandals: c/o Sole Society (also come in a lighter tan color and black.) I also love love these strappy nude heeled sandals and these nude laser-cut heels! // Dress (under $100!): Shopbop–comes in NINE colors–my other favorites are the cobalt blue, pink, and this punchy red color. I also love this red wrap maxi, on sale for $107, and this floral version, too! This dusty rose colored slip-maxi would also be perfect for vacation. // Necklace: c/o Kendra Scott // Cuff bracelet: c/o Kendra Scott // Lipstick: MAC Lady Danger (by the way I just picked up their new hydrating lip scrub–it is a lifesaver! Especially on dry vacation lips!) Happy Friday! Are you as excited for the weekend as I am? Our friends Lisi and Jac are getting married this weekend, and we couldn’t be more excited to celebrate them! I’ve never been to a winter wedding–it’s so nice to have something to look forward to in the dead of January! Luckily, the weather is on their side–it’s supposed to be in the 50’s! I’m wearing this red lacy midi number that I posted on Instagram a couple days back. I can’t wait. It’s black tie optional so Mr. Loftus is going to get all dappered up [definitely not a word.] in his tux. I’ll make sure to post a few instagram stories! Despite the fact that it’s been uncharacteristically less freezing than usual, it’s still been super grey and dreary the past couple of weeks, so having these posts from Mexico to look back on really help to get through the less-than-stellar weather  (I hope you feel the same? Do you?) So, you’ll recognize this maxi and these shoes from my “What I’m Packing for Mexico” blog post a couple weeks back. I couldn’t have been happier with both of these purchases–they were made for a tropical vacation! I had never been to an all-inclusive resort before (unless you count that one college spring break in Acapulco. That hardly qualified as a “resort”) so I really didn’t know what to expect or what to bring in terms of footwear. At many all-inclusive resorts, the restaurants have a dress code that doesn’t allow flip flops and asks that ladies and gents wear more upscale attire. Well, me being you know, me–adamant about carrying-on because I can’t stand to wait for baggage–I was hell-bent on getting away with minimal pairs of shoes. This pair from Sole Society turned out to be the BEST decision. They’re super easy to dress down for the pool during the day, or dress up at night! I also like that they have a low heel, so they were comfy walking all around our resort! Plus, the lace-up detail is really fun and apparently what the cool kids are wearing these days. They’re a great neutral color, so they go with absolutely everything from black to navy to, ahem, marigold? (What would you call the color of this dress? Marigold, yes?) Speaking of, this dress comes in nine. Yeah, NINE. Different colors. It’s super lightweight and breezy and I didn’t know it at the time I purchased it, but I was REALLY thankful for its maxi length! I wore it to the Golden Globes viewing party at our resort, Secrets Playa Mujeres (more about that here!) and it was CRAZY windy that night! (Note my crazy hair in every photo. At least I’d already been planning on wearing it up :-P) We shot these photos by the main pool (how gorgeous is it?) on the way to the party, and it was honestly almost completely dark, but this new camera I got is absolutely magical. (I took the plunge in December and got the Canon 6D and the 35mm f/1.4 lens, by the way, if you’re wondering!) The only thing missing in this outfit was this adorable beachy bag! Unfortunately I ordered it on too short notice and it didn’t arrive until I got home! Don’t worry, there’s a post featuring it coming soon. I’ll be sharing my vacation beach bag essentials–stay tuned!         Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kelly in the City says  January 20, 2017 at 8:58 am Beautiful!!!!! It’s like butter!  
Kelly in the City says  January 20, 2017 at 8:59 am Clearly learned how to comment on my phone. ??????? <- most used emoticons  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  January 20, 2017 at 9:07 am You are gorgeous!! 
Joules says  January 20, 2017 at 9:31 am I love how you styled this dress with the sandals and the bright blue necklace! Style by Joules 
Devon says  January 20, 2017 at 12:42 pm Love the color of that dress!! So gorgeous!  xo Devon  Seventeen Dresses  
Sage says  January 20, 2017 at 7:15 pm You look so much like Anne Hathaway!  
Classic Catherine says  January 23, 2017 at 6:11 am Simply stunning post! These are some of my favorite photos of you!
xoxo,
Classic Catherine 
Taylor- Lights Camera Catwalk says  January 24, 2017 at 3:25 pm LOVE this bright color on you and with those red lips! So stunning!  Xx Taylor
http://lightscameracatwalk.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Short Sleeve Blouses, Black And Gold Jewelry, Black Wedge Shoes, Denim Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 30, 2019    Huge thanks to Everlane–as you know–my favorite brand–and Shopstyle–for sponsoring this post. And thanks to YOU, my ladies, for supporting the brands that help support this blog!  It’s here, it’s here! I was cracking up the day this jumpsuit got released a couple weeks ago, because I got FLOODED with DMs on Instagram about it asking ALL the detailed questions about it. I was like, “GUYS, I haven’t tried it out yet. It just released today! I need to order it too!”  So I think it’s safe to say this post is much anticipated! Can I tell you just how much it makes my day that I’ve become your Everlane guru? It makes me so happy to have turned you guys onto a brand that I love so so much!  So–back to the question at hand. HOW IS THE JUMPSUIT? The long and the short of it is, well–this jumpsuit IS AMAZING!  Everlane actually came out with three jumpsuits–two additional beauties, in addition to what I’m wearing here today. Here’s a brief overview:  The material: Made of their famous Japanese Go Weave material that is drapey, wrinkle resistant and machine washable. Comes in three colors–a pretty olive and a beautiful dusty blue. It has a removable belt that you can remove if you prefer a looser fit. Sizing: Runs TTS–I always wear a 0 in Everlane. I got a 0 here and it fits perfectly. I’m slightly north of 5’6 for height reference. I often find that jumpsuits can be a tad short in the torso but I don’t have that problem with this one!  Bra-friendly: I know this is such a key factor for a lot of you guys, and perhaps the most exciting part of the jumpsuit (other than the fact that it’s adorable and super versatile and practical) is that you can wear a normal bra! Your straps don’t show!   This jumpsuit is BRA STRAP FRIENDLY! It never shows your straps! They thought of everything!  Same material as above, with all of the same perks–but with sleeves–in case that’s more your jam! If you work in a more conservative office then this would be a perfect jumpsuit for you! It will also look just as cute with flats and sneakers!  A 100% linen jumpsuit with the cutest square neckline–plus, the straps are still wide enough to cover your bra! Huzzah! Like it’s jumpsuit cousins listed above, it’s a great staple that pairs well with tons of different shoes and is a versatile summer staple.  As you can tell, I chose to style the v-neck jumpsuit. It just felt the most “Me” and also the most versatile. “Wait, Jess. I’m new here–why all the rah, rah Everlane?”  But, backing up for a sec–why do I love Everlane so much? If you’re new around these parts, here is a brief synopsis of why I have been Team Everlane for years. (I’ve loved them since they were a baby startup brand that only sold like ten things!)  They have beautifully simple, classic, high-quality, yet affordable designs, and I admire them for their dedication to partnering with ethical factories with fair wages, reasonable hours, and ideal working environments. They have a whole section of their website where you can learn about all the factories they partner with, and see photos and videos of all of them! I love reading all of their unique stories. Everlane also runs a lot of initiatives to better the lives of those who work in their factories around the world. Last year, instead of running a big holiday sale, they used their profits from Black Friday to build an organic farm for workers in Vietnam who have trouble getting access to fresh vegetables without pesticides. They’re also environmentally conscious–for example–their denim factory in Vietnam recycles 98% of its water! Their prices are high quality, but more affordable because they sell their items directly to consumers, cutting out the middleman. On every item page, you can scroll down to see how much each item would cost with the traditional retail markup, vs what Everlane chooses to charge for it! It’s really awesome! If you want to start feeling better about how you’re shopping, you definitely want to look into this brand! …now, let’s get back to the jumpsuit, yeah?  (AKA the comfiest slides you ever did feel.)      (Please excuse my botched sunless tanning application. ) A no-brainer for any weekend or vacation. Lot’s of you were eager for reviews on Everlane’s Day Crossover Sandal. (Yes, of the same line as the Day Heels–named by me as “most comfortable heels you’ll ever own) so it isn’t surprising that these sandals feel like absolute BUTTER on your toes. No break-in necessary.  Get the look:  
   I’ve always admired how Anna styles her Everlane Editor flats and I’m kind of a sucker for red shoes and some toe cleavage–so it was really only a matter of time until I got them, you know? These are the perfect flats to leave at your desk at work, because you’ll want to change into them EVERY day at the office. They really elevate any outfit and are a great way to make your work wardrobe pop in a practical, versatile, and comfortable way! I also can’t wait to style these with my favorite pair of Everlane jeans to make them look elevated and more polished!  Get the look:      I have been wanting to try out Everlane’s Block Heel Sandals for so long now, and I’m so glad I finally got the chance! If you work in an office that allows open-toed shoes, I highly recommend these. They’re so polished, yet still comfortable! Honestly, I LOVE the square toe. I think they’re way cuter in person than they are online. I can’t wait to wear these with jeans and dresses as well! If it gets chilly, throw on a denim jacket (this one is Everlane as well! I LOVE the wash–so perfect for summer!) to finish off the look!  Get the look:     Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Flats, Black Heels, Heel Booties, Grey Long Sleeve Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 22, 2016     Clutch: c/o Vera Bradley (also love this crossbody, and this crossbody!) // Shirt: c/o SheIn (Also comes in white. I also just ordered this top!) // Shoes: c/o SoleSociety (I’m loving this pair of espadrille wedges and this pair of red heeled sandals as well!) // White Jeans: old, but similar here, and here (distressed version) and here (budget version!) // Bracelets: J.Crew and Busywrist // Knot Earrings: c/o Vera Bradley    Happy Friday!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Can you believe how fast this month is flying? April has been one of the busiest months of the year so far–so many great things going on, and it’s not even over yet!  One of those things being, it was FINALLY nice enough weather to ride my bike! Neal got me an adorable red beach cruiser for Christmas, and she’s been cooped up in our apartment just waiting for nice weather! Seeing as it was more than SEVENTY degrees on Monday, I finally took her out for a spin and rode to Bucktown and worked at a coffee shop all day. (Outside–on the patio. It was unreal. I forgot what summer felt like.)  Second (as you snapchat–@jesskeys11) was celebrating my best friend Courtney’s bachelorette in Austin last weekend. It was a quick trip, but SO fun! My favorite part was renting a boat on Lake Austin during the day on Saturday. So if you’re heading there anytime soon (especially for a bachelorette party) I can’t recommend that enough! Third, I attended the new Vera Bradley store opening in Woodfield Mall a couple weeks ago and it was so cool to get to be part of the experience. I had never been behind the scenes of a grand opening before, and it was something I’ll never forget! I got to meet the team from Vera Bradley corporate, hold the big “ribbon cutting” scissors, and be there for all of the excitement! The new store is absolutely gorgeous–it’s the first of it’s kind, as Vera Bradley has recently gone through a re-brand (notice the new logo below!?) and they’re re-designing all of their stores! Honestly, as you know, I partner with a lot of brands, but the Vera team is by far the most enthusiastic and passionate team I’ve ever worked with. It’s so infectious, and so cool to get to get to work with people who really love their company and believe in their brand! Working on projects like this is one of my favorite parts of being a blogger.  The new store concept has gorgeous gold geometric chandeliers, an eclectic mix of mid-century modern pieces, the layout is super clean–it feels more like a showroom than a store. (At the opening party they even had customized Garret’s Popcorn tins–yum!) It’s beautiful! They even have a gorgeous custom-made tile floor at the entrance. (Swoon!)  I was also surprised to see so much more than just handbags–they’ve got a huge selection of beach accessories, like adorable brightly colored tassel beach towels, roomy beach totes, and more! Some of my favorite Vera bags are from their leather collection–I’ve been wearing this envelope “Harper” bag on repeat! The color goes with everything (like this new top–one of my favorites, and is such a steal!) and it’s super roomy, so you can still fit all of your essentials in it!  So, if you’re in the Chicago area, I’d highly recommend popping into the store at Woodfield Mall to see it for yourself!     [easy-image-collage id=6815]  [easy-image-collage id=6816]    Big thanks to Vera Bradley for sponsoring this post, and for your continued partnership! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Cat says  April 22, 2016 at 7:54 am I love this whole outfit! The light blue and white denim are a perfect combination for spring. I also have loved watching Vera Bradley go through their rebrand! I’m eager to visit the store in Chicago to see the change in person. Cat
Class Meets Couture 
Susie @SequinsandStrawberries says  April 22, 2016 at 9:21 am Okay just ordered the beach towel in red, how could I resist it was so stinking cute! Love this post, you look great Jess! 
Hunter B says  April 22, 2016 at 2:32 pm I love your top! So cute, and I’m really excited about the whole off the shoulder trend going on right now!
Always, Hunter 
Love Always, Audrey says  April 24, 2016 at 5:30 pm I’m loving Vera Bradley’s new look – modern with a hint of their older floral charm. So cute! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Mini Skirts, Cutout Dresses, Blue Jumpsuits, Denim Jean Skirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 16, 2016        Happy Monday! To say I’m struggling from this weekend would be an understatement! We definitely had too much fun in Austin! I had grand plans to do a brand new post today, but honestly did not have the energy to last night. (I went to bed at 9pm, just to give you an accurate picture.) Luckily, I put up a little spring shopping bonus post on Saturday, if you haven’t seen it. So in case you haven’t started your spring shopping yet, I decided to round up some of my very favorites above–can you sense a pattern? Clearly I’m drawn to pops of bright coral and red lately! (Bizarre, seeing as I hardly ever wear the color!) But I guess I’ll be stocking up on more of it in the near future   Also, if you’re up for more shopping…




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Nordstrom has a great selection of Mother’s Day gifts J.Crew is offering $75 off any purchase over $200, or $25 off any purchase of $100 with code SHOPNOW Banana Republic is having a major 50% off sale!  If you’re in the market for a new bathing suit, Wala Swim is my favorite new discovery. They have the best selection (tons of amazing one-pieces too!)  Madewell is offering 30% off all sale items with code DAYMAKER Old Navy is offering 50% off (lot’s of festival items, too!)     Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Blair @ The Fox & She says  April 18, 2016 at 10:49 am gorgeous picks jess! So much color!! 
Rachel says  April 18, 2016 at 2:32 pm I’m loving that tote and the sunglasses! 
Jenn Lake says  April 18, 2016 at 8:21 pm Glad to hear that you had so much fun in Austin! Love all of your picks!! 
Kelly in the City says  April 20, 2016 at 11:25 am Do you have any idea how much I wish I could fit into that flutter sleeve striped top? I actually bought it and then was like HAHAHA. Let’s try this again in six months.  Kelly | Kelly in the City Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And White Jumpsuit, Wide Leg Jeans, White Tank Tops, Black Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 19, 2014             white pixie pants | neon t-shirt | camo jacket | pink overcoat | tan tote |metallic pumps | necklace | bracelet You all will definitely want to check out The Everygirl today for my brand spankin’ new article highlighting 6 of our favorite trends and essentials for spring! My favorite part about working on this article was getting to shoot my total bombshell of a friend, Kristine! Nope, she’s actually not a model, fashion blogger or professional Blair Eadie double — she’s an elementary school teacher who volunteered to let me dress her and snap 105 photos on her boyfriend’s balcony (which actually sounds a little off, when I put it that way.) Our shoot, fittingly, was accompanied by flowing pink Prosecco and a lot of Beyonce.  Head over the The Everygirl to see the full article and the rest of Kristine’s model debut.  Oh, and happy Wednesday!     Filed Under: Style, Styling tips  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Long Black Gowns, Gold Lariat Necklaces, Camis And Tanks, Soludos Espadrilles and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 21, 2013   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   It’s that time of year again. Yep, that time of the year when it starts to rain all the time . I always struggle trying to look stylish in any capacity when it’s less than desirable weather outside, but ever since I bought these snazzy equestrian-inspired rubber boots they’ve made dressing for the rain a lot more fun! I love the look of rain boots with dresses. Here I’ve paired them with a striped shirt dress and a camo jacket. The mix of contrasting patterns and pop of bright lipstick go a long way in brightening my mood on a dreary day! I’m also dying to get these boots  too. They will for sure be making an appearance on my Christmas list! You know what they say, a girl can never have too many pairs of shoes  rain boots! Actually, nobody ever says that. Just me.       (Having a Marilyn moment!) What I’m wearing: Jacket: Urban Outfitters, Dress: Forever 21, Boots: Dav, Bracelet: JCrew, Watch: My Granny’s, Earrings: My mothers   Necklace: Helen Ficalora   Lipstick: MAC Lady Danger Shop Camo, Stripes + Rain Boots:    Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Dresses, Soludos Espadrilles, Saddle Bags, Tan Wedges Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 26, 2019     Hi friends, Neal here taking over the blog today! I hope you are gearing up for a relaxing holiday and long weekend ahead with family and friends! As you know, it’s the biggest shopping day of the year, and I’m excited to be teaming up with my longtime favorite brand, Bonobos, today to ensure you have plenty of great gifting options for all the men in your life! Right now, they’re offering 30% off their entire site as well as in their Guideshops! When it comes to holiday dressing for me, I love a good festive outfit, but when I’m buying winter staples, it’s important that I choose items that can be worn long after the holidays are over. (Hard to do with the classic bright red Christmas sweater, you know?) Today, I’ll be sharing two different looks that accomplish exactly that. But first, I want to go into detail about why I love Bonobos so much. I know it’s easy to look at a “sponsored post” and think, “oh, they just gave him those clothes to wear––he wouldn’t actually buy them with his own money!” but that couldn’t be further than the truth. I’ve been a Bonobos fan since the beginning. In fact, when Jess first started our blog, I used to dream that one day, she’d be able to land a Bonobos sponsorship for me! Now, years later, here we are––this is our third time we’ve been lucky enough to pair up with them! It is not an exaggeration when I say that Bonobos easily makes up half of my wardrobe. They have fits and cuts and sizing for a ton of different body types:  A lot of men (myself included) struggle to find clothing that fits properly. Whether your guy is tall, stocky, slender–whatever–often, “regular” sizing just doesn’t quite work. Somehow, no other brand figured this out, but Bonobos has. Their clothing comes in a ton of different fits, cuts, and inseams. Their style is fashion-forward, yet super wearable: Jess likes to describe my style as “classic, but always with a twist”––and that’s how I would describe Bonobos too. You can find everything from really fun statement pieces with classic lines, to basic wardrobe staples, to fine suiting. They have something for pretty much any occasion, and it’s always going to make your guy look like a million bucks. Quality and affordability:  Their stuff is great––many of my Bonobos pieces I’ve had for 5+ years and they’re still going strong. Most of their pieces are $100 or less. As Jess says, that comes down to a very affordable “cost per wear.” Speaking of affordable, everything is 30% off right now, too! Alright, now that you sufficiently understand our love for Bonobos, let’s talk “outfit details.” (That’s the correct terminology, right?)  This outfit is something I’d wear for a lot of different occasions, whether that be a holiday party, casual Friday at the office, a date night, or Christmas dinner with your family. I really like this brushed button down shirt for so many reasons. First, it feels like a flannel, but a really lightweight version, so you won’t overheat inside. I chose this particular pattern/color because it feels wintery and festive without being overly “Christmasy”––so I’ll still wear it into Spring. It comes in dozens of other colors as well. The great thing about this button down is that it comes in three different lengths––one of my biggest pet peeves is when shirts are too long or too short, and they look odd tucked out. But your guy can customize the length based on his own body type, to ensure it’s the perfect length every time. They also come in tailored, slim, and straight fits, based on how your guy prefers his shirts to fit. Sizing: Jess says I need to tell you my sizing. For reference, I wear a size M (I’m always a M), slim fit, and regular length. If you’ve been reading long enough, you guys know I’ve been a big fan of travel jeans for many years now. I think this is a great pair of pants for any guy to have in his closet, because they can be dressed up like chinos or slacks, or dressed down like jeans. They really are made of denim, but they look like dressier pants! I travel a lot, both for work and fun, and I can throw a pair of these in my bag, pull them out, and go. They don’t wrinkle, and they hold up beautifully. Sizing: Their pants run true to size. I’m wearing the slim fit.     Here I’ve kept my same travel jeans (versatile, I told you) but changed into this washable merino wool sweater for a more polished look. Now, if you wanted to dress this up even further, your guy could easily add on a blazer, some dressier shoes, or even wear this sweater under a suit. It’s an awesome sweater because, as the name suggests–it’s washable, so you can save on that dry cleaning bill. It’s also thin enough to be very “layerable” but the wool still ensures it’s warm! It comes in tons of colors, but I really liked this subtle herringbone in particular.   Unconstructed Italian Blazer:  I really like all of Bonobos’ blazers–I think this unconstructed Italian knit blazer is an awesome gift for any guy, because it’s super wearable. Some blazers can feel stuffy or overly dressy, but this one can easily be dressed up and down to its unstructured design. Comes in a ton of different colors. It’s also a really decent price point ($350) for such a nice blazer. Italian 5 Pocket Pants:  My other favorite pair of casual Bonobos pants are the Italian 5 pocket stretch pants. They’re easier to dress up than a chino, super comfortable, and really sharp looking. He’ll wear them everywhere from the office to nights out. They run true to size for me. Waffle Henley:  I’m a big henley guy, and Bonobos makes some great henleys. I’ve acquired several pairs throughout the years. I really like the look of this one as well. I may be adding this to my cart as we speak. I’d say these run true to size. (I wear medium). Pocket square A pocket square is an awesome stocking stuffer for any stylish guy. I’m partial to polka dots, like this one. Boxer Briefs  It may be odd to broadcast my favorite underwear on the internet, but these are them. I felt the need to add these because it’s actually really difficult to find comfortable, well-fitting underwear as a guy. What can I say? Bonobos has it down. Italian Stretch Wool dress pants  If your guy has been looking for a good pair of pants for the office, I highly recommend these. I have these in grey and most often wear them paired with blazers when I want to look dressy but don’t want to be in a suit. Brushed Button Down This is actually the same button-down I’m wearing above, but in a forest green. I love this shade because, again, it looks perfect in a more “holiday” like setting, but it’s something you’ll wear year-round, anytime it’s chilly. Cashmere hoodie Hint hint. This is on my Christmas list. I think this would make the best gift for any guy, especially one who tends to dress more on the casual side. While this is a hoodie, it still looks really polished and put together. I can’t say enough good thing about Bonobos sweaters. I have acquired several over the years and they never disappoint! Looking for more gifts? They have a whole Gift Guide section of their site right here with a lot more ideas!   Well, I think that just about does it! Thanks for letting me take over the blog today, gals! I hope you enjoyed reading this post and it helps you shop for the men in your life! Huge thanks to Bonobos for sponsoring this post. It’s a honor to get to work with a brand I’ve loved and worn for so many years!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Maxi Dresses With Sleeves, Long Black Gowns, Frayed Shorts, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 28, 2016     Dress: BCBG at Nordstrom // Shoes: Vince Camuto // Coat: Zara (old, but similar here, and also love this pink draped version  and this double-breasted pink trench) // Bag: Kate Spade (old but similar Kate Spade version here and I also love Rebecca Minkoff’s versions here and here) // Earrings: c/o Kendra Scott // Necklace: c/o Kendra Scott // Bracelet: c/o Kendra Scott // Lipstick: M.A.C. Retro Matte lipstick in “Relentless Red” and bareMinerals “Marvelous Moxie” gloss in “Life of the Party” // Hair: Curled with my Beachwaver curling iron and finished with MoroccanOil  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

The past 24 hours–WOAH you guys. I don’t remember the last time I was this tired! Where do I even begin? Let’s rewind back to Sunday.  I’ve been trying to eat healthier overall lately, so I made the trek to Trader Joe’s on Sunday to stock up on groceries to make healthy meals all week.  One of those meals I planned to make was this broccoli quinoa bake (which was delicious.) But unfortunately while cooking the quinoa on Tuesday night, I took the lid off and received a lovely second degree steam burn on my right hand. GAH. I immediately texted Shaheen and said “THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I EAT HEALTHY!!!”  Long story short, I had to keep my hand immersed in a glass of cool water the ENTIRE night to keep it from feeling like it was going to burn off. As you can imagine, it’s pretty hard to sleep with your hand in a glass of water as every time I would nod off, it would almost tip over and I would jolt awake again. (Which must have been a hysterical sight, thinking about it now.) So as I’m writing this post I’m running on about 1 hour of sleep in the past 24 hours.   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

However GOOD NEWS is that my hand is now totally fine and it no longer hurts. YAY. And despite only running on one hour of sleep, I got to spend the entire next day with Blair, Kelly and Shaheen shooting a very fun project with Kendra Scott, which you know, is still pretty fun even when you’re that tired. (Side note: disguising a burn blister on your right hand while shooting rings and bracelets is slightly problematic, however, we made it work. We’re allll good, guys.) Anyway, I recently purchased this colorful wrap dress (perfect for Valentine’s Day!)  and I have to admit, I’m not sure how I’ve gotten by this long without one. I always thought they would look…I don’t know, dowdy on me? But I’m IN LOVE. The shape is so flattering, and because of the combination of longer sleeves and cheerful colors,  it’s perfectly suitable to wear year round, and will look just as cute to wear on a date come spring and summer! I’m also equally obsessed with these Kendra Scott earrings. Paired with the wrap dress, they make for an awesome retro, yet modern 70’s vibe. (If they had heart eyed emoji’s on WordPress, I would totally insert one here.)  So I guess the entire point of the beginning of this whole story is to A. Update you on what’s been happening this week and B. Explain to you why this is such a short and rambling post, because honestly my brain is NOT working. So I’m going to bed right now. (Hopefully I can wake up really early to proofread this before most of you read it. But if not, you’ll still be my friend, right?)       Shop this post:    Shop more wrap dresses:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Carly says  January 28, 2016 at 8:10 am YOUR HAIR IN THESE PICS THOUGH. 
Jess says  January 28, 2016 at 10:43 am Ohhhh geeee thannkssss! 
Olivia says  January 28, 2016 at 8:12 am Getting burnt while cooking is THE WORST!! Glad you’re hand is okay, though! Aren’t wrap dresses the best? They’re so flattering, and you feel like you can conquer the world in one! Baubles to Bubbles 
Jess says  January 28, 2016 at 10:43 am I lovvveeee! I think I need a few more, right?  
Alyssa Thomas says  January 28, 2016 at 8:14 am I hate cooking burns! Lavender oil totally helps take away some of the burn.
You look gorgeous in this color and your hair is totally amazing. Don’t even worry about proofreading. Misteaks happen  Alyssa | Glitter and Grey 
Jess says  January 28, 2016 at 10:42 am HAAAAA oh my god. I DID proofread it this morning and OH MY GOD SO MANY TYPOS!! Hahaha thanks for still being my friend, Alyssa!!  
Alyssa Thomas says  January 28, 2016 at 10:47 am I gotcha girl! 
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  January 28, 2016 at 9:31 am You look SO gorgeous! Love the dress  xo, Laura
brightandbeautifulblog.com 
Jess says  January 28, 2016 at 10:43 am Thanks Laura!! Happy belated birthday! I hope you had so much fun on your trip! 
Gentry says  January 28, 2016 at 11:27 am Glad you’re healing! I burned my hand on my curling wand this morning and was ready to go to the ER! (#dramaticmuch) You look beautiful in the wrap dress! 
SarahLagen says  January 28, 2016 at 1:00 pm Oh no, getting burns sucks so much! I can totally image doing the same thing if I did that to myself!  I hope you are feeling better and bouncing back!  xo, Sarah
http://www.thekissingboothblog.com 
Kristina Anderson says  January 28, 2016 at 1:30 pm I love the dress pattern, so pretty! Poor hand  Although imagining you trying to sleep with your hand in a glass is pretty amusing. Kristina does the Internets 
Maggie says  January 28, 2016 at 4:36 pm Beautiful Jess! I hope your hand feels better! 
-Maggie   http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Cassandra Eldridge says  January 30, 2016 at 2:31 pm Such a babe!  […] case you were sick of pink and red dresses (anddd if you’re not, check out this post) I thought this chic and simple date night outfit would be a great alternative when it […] […] To find out all the details about this outfit on The Golden Girl, click here! […] […] To find out all a sum about this outfit on The Golden Girl, click here! […] […] To find out all a sum about this outfit on The Golden Girl, click here! […] […] To find out all the details about this outfit on The Golden Girl, click here! […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold Flats, Black Booties Shoes, Short Sleeve Dresses, Short Sleeve Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 25, 2015   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Only 23 more days until spring! Neal reminded me this last night and it was one of those so close, but so far moments. It’s in the final hours of winter when our wardrobes really test us. We’ve worn the same combinations over and over and over for the past–how many months? Four? Woof.  Because Pinterest is more of a search engine for me instead of a social media platform, I continue to refer back to what I’ve pinned for inspiration. If I’m stuck in a rut and can’t find a thing to wear, it’s the first place I go for some ideas. So to help you (and myself, let’s be honest) ride out the season as best as possible, I scoured Pinterest and created a board with 23 perfect winter street style looks–one for every day that we have left until Spring, complete with styling tips in the comments! Any time you’re stuck getting dressed in the morning, just head over here, and you’ll be set!  Click over here to see all 23 fabulous looks on Pinterest now!  Filed Under: Style, Styling tips  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Cropped Pants, Blue Dresses, White And Black Blouses, Sundresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 11, 2013  Can you believe it’s that time of the year again? That the one time of year that everyone looks forward to has already come and gone? No, not Christmas caroling, tree trimming, or holiday shopping. I mean the once-a-year event that millions of viewers tune into. What has become more of a modern day variety show than a catwalk. The only hour on network television ever devoted to a single brand. It’s one giant lingerie PR machine. The Victoria’s Secret Fashion show, obviously.  Aside from the fact that I’ve idolized Adriana Lima from a very young age (is that weird that at 15 I wanted to be a lingerie model? Eh…yeah) I always enjoy seeing what over the top outfits the Angels are sporting each year.  Don’t get me wrong, I know you’re not going to walk out the door to work in British coattails and a garter belt but I still think there is some major outfit inspiration to be found in the show each year. Here are a couple of my favorite trends from this year’s 2013 show and great examples of how you too can dress like a Victoria’s Secret model – off the runway.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
            Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Wedge Shoes, White Sandals, Present Ideas, Tan Slides and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 17, 2017  Original outfit post here Big news, guys! Popping in with an extra bonus post late this morning, because Nordstrom’s Winter Sale just went live! This is a great time to score some awesome transitional pieces to get you from now into spring! I’ve just spent the last, um, about 2 hours weeding through everything very intentionally and picking out 25 of my top favorites that I know you will love. (And no, don’t worry, this isn’t one of those sale round-ups with 1000 items!) Let’s jump in, shall we? 1. Barbour Quilted Beadnell: $198    First off, they’ve re-stocked all sizes and colors of the Quilted Barbour Beadnell, and it’s under $200! They’ll go FAST, so even if you’re hesitating, buy it now and try it! That’s what free returns are for  They run true to size–but I like my jackets fitted, so I wear an XS. 2. Classic Trench Coats: (Many under $100!)    There are a ton of amazing trenches on sale right now! I just got this one and I am IN LOVE. It’s not on sale, but this black one from the same brand is–and it’s lovely! You can see ALL on-sale trenches here. 3. Tahari Wrap Coat: $169    I borrow Kelly’s all the time and I love it! It’s so classic and goes with everything! 4. Green suede moto jacket: $118    I love this jacket, it adds a pop of color to your outfit, but isn’t TOO bright, and will see so much wear in spring and again in fall! 5. Awesome anoraks:   Anoraks are another great spring coat–they’re so easy to throw on over anything! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  6. Striped Tees: $15 and up!    7. Amazing Cashmere Sweaters: $49!    8. My red lace strapless midi dress:    9. This ruffle sweatshirt: $37 (So great for lounging, errands, and travel!)    10. Cozy long cardigan (speaking of being perfect for travel): $41   11. Zella workout pants: $38 (LOVE this brand!)    12. Wrap-front tee: (SO COMFY! I love mine!) $20    13. Speaking of comfy, the Eberjay “Shortie” set is seriously the softest thing you’ll ever sleep in: $71   14. Spring blouses:    15. Great transitional sweaters:    16. Price-Matched Converse: $48    17. This pretty side-body with gold accents: $154    18. These adorable nude loafers   19. You already know my love for these Sam Edelman booties: $99   20. My favorite chunky scarf: $14   21. Anddd my love for these Blondo waterproof suede OTK boots: $199 I got these boots before my Lowland’s, and they were the only boots that fit snugly through my calves and over my knees. They’re elastic in the back so they fit beautifully, they’re waterproof, and so, so comfortable.   22. Tons of lace-up shoes for spring:    23. These block-heeled sandals (comfy and super versatile!):   24. Classic Sam Edelman “Hazel” Pumps: $95 (So many colors!)  If you don’t have a pair of staple black and nude pumps, definitely snag these while you can! I love my Sam Edelman pumps and wear them year-round! They’re comfy and great for work too.   25. Tassel Earrings Tassel earrings are so adorable and I love the colors of this version that’s on sale!   P.S. If you haven’t read my earlier post from this morning–5 Favorite Time-Saving Tips–make sure to pop on over   Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Elissa Shortridge says  February 17, 2017 at 12:10 pm LOVE this roundup- such cute picks! (And I really love that you included photos of the item, so I didn’t have to click on every link to see if I was interested.) 
Jess says  February 17, 2017 at 3:21 pm Thanks Elissa! Yay! Thanks for the awesome and help feedback. So glad it made it easier for you to shop! I’ll definitely make sure to do that whenever possible moving forward  
janice says  February 17, 2017 at 12:46 pm Hi Jess, I love your blog! Unfortunately I will no longer patronize a retailer or business that introduces politics into their marketing principles, which is what Nordstrom has done.  
Jess says  February 17, 2017 at 3:21 pm Hi Janice! I’m sorry you feel that way. However, Nordstrom’s decision to cut Ivanka Trump’s line was actually due to a steady decline in sales. Additionally, I personally make it a point to keep politics off of my blog, as I strive to make this a place where everyone–liberal OR conservative, regardless of their beliefs–can come for daily inspiration. Thanks so much for reading! 
Sara Mendoza says  February 18, 2017 at 9:15 am I agree 100% Janice, I love Nordstrom but that was a bad move to jump into the politics game, and sales were not down, I know someone that has worked in the shoe dept. for years at Nordstrom and her shoes sold, A LOT!  I’m no fan of her father but to punish her is just wrong, and how odd that Belk and other stores followed suit shortly thereafter….Ok, off my soap box!  Love and peace to all…… 
Anna Whitmore says  February 17, 2017 at 5:22 pm What are the jeans you are wearing the first picture? I love them! 
Jess says  February 17, 2017 at 6:11 pm Hey Anna! They’re Levi’s and they’re only $39! I linked them up in this post: https://thegoldengirlblog.com/home/casual-outfits/ 
Sara Mendoza says  February 18, 2017 at 9:16 am I’m in love with tassle earrings right now and how about our weather, whaaaat, I feel like we will be paid back in like April with a massive snowstorm:) 
Caitlin Edwards says  February 21, 2017 at 6:31 pm Great picks! I ordered the lush wrap top! I’m also really excited for these sunglasses– http://shop.nordstrom.com/s/ray-ban-folding-wayfarer-50mm-sunglasses-nordstrom-exclusive/4580039?cm_mmc=email_tran-_-021917-_-order_confirm-_-proddescr2 , I lost my other pair. The folding ray bans are the best!!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Green Coats, Black Bodysuits, White One Piece Swimsuit, Long Black Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 3, 2014   As you’ve probably seen on instagram, there’s been a lot of buzz lately around 52Eighty — Chicago’s newest and highest rooftop bar! Atop the MileNorth hotel, this amazing lounge boasts some of the best views in River North, and I was lucky enough to attend an amazing party there last week! A few bloggers got together with photographer Christina Slaton for a little pre-party shoot (and lot’s of champagne!) Huge thanks to Nicole for putting this all together!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  One of my favorite parts of the event was getting done up at the Burberry store. Didn’t know Burberry had cosmetics? You should! I was so impressed. If you’re looking to get your makeup done in the River North area, you must go here. William worked his magic and the result was understated perfection — no scary eyeshadow or caked on powder. Everyone looked fabulous!    Like any girl, I’m a sucker for a great patio, amazing view, and a great cocktail. 52Eighty did not disappoint in any of these categories, as you can clearly see.    From left: Megan, Christine, (me!), Jill, Maya and Sarah. And no, we didn’t all plan to all wear matching pink and black!  For the event, I chose this little pink number from Forever 21, which I bought a few months back. I’ve been loving short, swingy dresses lately. They’re breezy and cool for summer, and have a sweet and innocent touch. I paired them with one of my favorite finds from the Gilt City Warehouse sale (also styled here!) And of course, I never feel an outfit is complete without red lipstick. My new favorite shade is ‘Marilyn’ from the local Chicago ladies of Goldplaited!       Shop Bubbles:   Filed Under: Style  
Joy Yiu says  June 6, 2014 at 6:01 am lovely photos! you look beautiful! hope you can take a look at my blog and follow if you’d like! http://www.joyyiu.com 
jess keys says  June 6, 2014 at 2:50 pm Thank you Joy! I love your blog – you have such awesome style and beautiful photos!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Tees, One Pieces Swimwear, Gowns Dresses, Tan Slides and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 4, 2013   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Exciting news for all you Chicago ladies who missed out on all those great Black Friday deals! Mark your calendars for Sunday, December 15th! The Sassy City Shopping Event is back on Michigan Avenue and is a perfect Sunday pit-stop to knock out the rest of your holiday shopping. The gals at Sassy City have rounded up some of the best boutiques and businesses in Chicago, guaranteeing plenty of jewelry, clothes, and cosmetics to stuff all your stockings with- at a discounted price! The best part? Free manicures, blowouts and cocktails- just for you! That is what I would call a win-win, don’t you think?  Sparked your interest you say? I’m not done yet! I’m giving 30 lucky readers a free VIP ticket (a $40 value!) All you need to do is RSVP through this link and enter code GOLDENGIRL at checkout. You’ll also get early admission, so stop by at 12pm when the doors open. Can’t make it early? No worries! The event lasts until 5!  Planning to attend? Comment below. I’d love to see you there!  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Sandals, Tan Blouses, Present Ideas, Lace Up Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 10, 2016       Today, we’re talking about the perfect combination…jean shorts, the perfect white tee, and tacos that is! I know a few months back, I referenced the closet purge I did when it came time to switch out my winter clothes for warmer items. I realized that I had just moved on from about 80% of my closet. After reading The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up and Spark Joy, I basically decided to attack my closet Kon-Mari style. While I can’t claim to be totally “cured from messiness,” I can definitely vouch for the fact that it’s become much easier and more enjoyable to get dressed when there are only a few items to choose from. That being said, it also made the “holes” in my closet more apparent. One of them I realized quickly, is that I didn’t really own any basic t-shirts. I had always loved the look of a white tee and jean shorts, but I weirdly didn’t own one white t-shirt.  So, when I popped into Madewell a couple weeks back and saw they had a perfect white v-neck on sale, I decided it was time. (I have to confess…I’ve worn this combination about 15 times since then.) Do you have a favorite tee? If not, you definitely need to try this one. I think I need it in every color. Another new obsession–these sandals! You know that feeling you get when you open a box of new shoes for the first time and you’re like “AHHH I can’t wait to wear you!” but then reality creeps in and you’re like “ughhhh I don’t want to break you in and have blisters everywhereeee” Yeah, that won’t happen with these. Seriously, comfiest sandals I’ve ever owned. And they’re gold. And they lace-up. (You can see this in the photos, clearly, I’m just reiterating the cause for obsession.) Last week, Blair came over to my new place for the first time (we typically have at least one work date per week) to work on some Blogging For Keeps projects and knock out a couple photo shoots. We walked around the neighborhood, and the insane heat and humidity lead us to stop into one of my favorite places–Antique Taco! A refreshing glass of Agua Fresca was calling our nammeeee. (Do you know what Agua Fresca is? Because you should. It’s essentially a Mexican fruit juice-infused water and it’s about the best thing you’ll ever taste.) Have you been to Antique Taco? If not, you must order the sweet & spicy chicken tacos and the enchiladas. Oh man. I think I might need to go again for dinner tonight.     Shop this post:   Other reads… how to tie a scarf like a French girl, and an easy twist on a ponytail. Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  August 10, 2016 at 12:38 pm Such a perfect summer look! 
Jess says  August 11, 2016 at 2:45 pm Thanks Erin! I hope you’re having a great summer  
Haley Arger says  August 10, 2016 at 1:28 pm You look so youthful and as if you are glowing!! Beautiful photos ? 
Jess says  August 11, 2016 at 2:45 pm Awww Haley! Thank you! You are so sweet! 
Devon says  August 10, 2016 at 1:34 pm This look is so cute! I’m literally the same way– I always love the look of a simple white t-shirt, but then I never buy any when I’m shopping. So weird! Need to give the Madewell ones a try!  xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Jess says  August 11, 2016 at 2:45 pm Totally! You will love them! 
Kelly in the City says  August 10, 2016 at 2:12 pm You are SO BEAUTIFUL, my friend. Love you! Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Jess says  August 11, 2016 at 2:45 pm Thanks MAMA!  
Jenn Lake says  August 10, 2016 at 3:27 pm So cute! Antique Taco is definitely on of the best! Hope you’re having a great week! 
Jess says  August 11, 2016 at 2:44 pm You too, Jenn! Muah! 
Britney says  August 10, 2016 at 3:31 pm Love this simple look! I have at least two white tees in my wardrobe, and I totally buy multiples if I find a v-neck style I love. But, Jess. I’m wondering, what ever will you do when it comes time for you to have a new last name? Will you be replacing all your great monogrammed pieces? I’m worried for you…  
Jess says  August 11, 2016 at 2:44 pm HAHAH! The good news, Britney, is that my new monogram will be JKL, not JLK–so I don’t think anyone will even notice? Shhhhhhhh 
Britney says  August 11, 2016 at 2:46 pm Ah! That’s too funny. Also, a relief. I think you’ll be okay after all! 
Jenna says  August 10, 2016 at 8:03 pm So cute, Jess! Also, I have that shirt (in three colors) and I wear it ALL the time. It’s the best. x Jenna
http://www.adornedwithlove.com 
Jess says  August 11, 2016 at 2:44 pm It seriously is!! 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  August 11, 2016 at 8:27 am Such a cutie! I think Trevor and I are headed there this weekend too  
Jess says  August 11, 2016 at 2:44 pm Sooo good!! […] transition summer-to-fall sandals!) // Tote bag: Madewell Transport Tote c/o (also styled here–comes in several colors. I also love this more budget-friendly faux leather version!) // […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Lace Dresses, Short Sleeve Dresses, Black Flats, Tan Coats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 16, 2017   Shell top: Ann Taylor (also comes in pink!) I also love this pretty yellow version and this peplum shell is so adorable!// Jeans: J.Brand Maria Skinny Jeans–also available on Shopbop (Yay! Free 2 day shipping!) Sizing tip: They do run snug, so if you prefer a more relaxed fit, size up. This pair is another brand I love and also on sale at 33% off, and this pair is similar for under $100 // Shoes: Steve Madden Carrson Sandal (come in just about every color under the sun!) I also have their lower heeled version which I love equally! Sam Edelman also makes a similar nude leather version which would be the perfect neutral summer heels! I also love this version with the double strap! (How pretty are they in blush!?) // Sunnies: c/o Tuckernuck, I also loveee this more refined version, both made by KREWE, a sunnies company based in New Orleans! This pair is also similar for under $80, and these ones are only $25!// Trench coat: London Fog at Nordstrom, which is probably the best $178 I ever spent. It comes with a button-in liner for extra warmth (when you need it) and detachable hood! // Bag: Madewell Transport Tote–available at Madewell (you can get it monogrammed here) Nordstrom and Shopbop! // Lipstick: Estee Lauder Lip Vinyl in “Burn” // Earrings: Old, but similar here for $30! Happy Tuesday! How is your week going so far? Admittedly I feel like I’m getting a slower start to the week. The combination of the absolutely incredible weather we’re having and possessing a to-do list so long it’s making my eyes cross, I feel like I haven’t accomplished as much so far this week as I would’ve liked! Oh, it also could be the bachelorette party I’m VERY slowly recovering from! This past weekend I was in Florida celebrating my good friend Leigh–it was a big reunion for my college girlfriends and it was SO much fun. (Too much fun for this old lady to handle if we’re being honest.) Today I have a work date with Blair to knock out more line items on our Blogging For Keeps agenda, so I know it will be a productive one! We typically work together on Tuesdays, lately it’s been at Soho House, which is something I always look forward to. There’s just something about working in a really really pretty environment that makes me more productive–do you feel the same way? (Does that make me sound ridiculous?! Haha!) Also, if you go there for lunch, get the chicken club (SO good!) and order a warm salted chocolate chip cookie for dessert. Anyway, speaking of productive days, another thing that I’ve found sets the tone for getting stuff done, is dressing up. This might sound silly, but this is something I discovered long before my self-employed days, back in my ad agency years. if I knew I had a busy day ahead, I’d swap my sneakers for heels and swipe on some red lipstick. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

While I don’t have an office to go to these days, I do have various meetings throughout the week, and I always try to strike the balance of professional without being over the top–essentially, I have my own version of business casual, which usually consists of dark jeans, heels, and a blouse–like this shell, from Ann Taylor. I typically go for one with buttons because often high-necked tops make me feel odd, so I like that I can control the depth of the neckline by buttoning or unbuttoning the top. (That way you can make it work for date night, too!) My other favorite button-up blouse is this one! The heels I choose for my “business casual” outfit spin are typically one of two pairs: these, or these–which really come down to both color and how much I’ll be walking that day! Both are polished and professional and are suitable for everything from the office (MANY offices, anyway–I know some offices still don’t allow open-toes! If you work in one of these, I would highly suggest these heels from Everlane–they’re so comfy and I wear them multiple times per week!) to after work drinks, to an upscale dinner. Another of my business casual essentials I don’t go anywhere without–my Madewell tote. It’s really minimalistic and professional looking, yet holds a ton of stuff! It’s also my go-to travel bag. Would you believe it holds my laptop, jacket, AND camera bag? Mary Poppins would be proud. I’m not a huge handbag person, which you likely have noticed seeing as you typically see my photographed with maybe one of four bags ever. If it wins a spot in my wardrobe, it’s gotta be pretty dang amazing–and I’ve never loved a tote more than this one!     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Cinthya Quintana-Marofske says  May 16, 2017 at 11:18 am Love the shoes!  I have them too and they are so comfy.  Will need to try that lipstick though, I just feel like my lips are enormous.  Do you have any tips on how to make bigger lips not look gigantic with a bold color? 
Diana Pearl says  May 16, 2017 at 12:47 pm That blouse is so pretty!! I agree, I like to get dressed up (or at least put together) for work (and then immediately change into leggings and a t-shirt when I get home!) x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold Pumps Shoes, Sam Edelman Flats, Soludos Espadrilles, Gold Flat Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 2, 2018   Top: Madewell (also available here via their site) It also comes in this adorable floral pattern and in black (an amazing twist on a basic!) If you like the look of the ruffle sleeve but not the peplum look, you’ll love this cotton button down which also comes in the prettiest yellow! I also love this button down with ruffled sleeves, too! Jeans: Levi’s 501 Jeans in “Supercharger” wash–on sale for $74! (And lot’s of different washes/more sizes on sale via the Shopbop sale–they stock a ton of Levi’s jeans!) Nordstrom also carries a few 501 washes! Shoes: Everlane (run small and narrow! Size up!) Everlane’s loafers are also amazing and I’ve been wanting this pair in camel as well! Also how cute would this outfit looked paired with these leather mules from Madewell!? Bag: Rebecca Minkoff (sold out in olive but very similar here in a dusty blue and this pretty neutral color!) Sunnies: Ray Ban  Bandana: J.Crew Lipstick: RMS beauty’s “RMS red” Hair & Makeup: See my everyday makeup tutorial here and my everyday hair tutorial here! Hi guys! Guess what? By the time you read this, we’ll probably be on a plane to Arizona! ?? Fun fact: My family moved there from Oregon when I was in 5th grade and I lived through up through High School graduation! (We always went back to Oregon for holidays and summers though. When people ask where I’m from, it’s a confusing question.) Also, go Saguaro Sabercats! Anyway, we’re heading there for a quick weekend trip to visit my high school best friend, Andrew! (Photo from our wedding below!) He and Neal are also very close. At our wedding ceremony he stood on Neal’s side–but we argued over it ? (He only won because he needed more numbers ?)  I’m also excited because my other high-school bestie, Christina, just moved back to AZ from California and I can’t wait to see her too! It will be a weekend of reunions! Then, on Monday morning, I’m hopping on a plane for a really cool work trip through Wednesday! It’s going to be a whirlwind week, that’s for sure! ? Anyway, today I’m sharing another cute outfit that I shot in Dallas with my blogger friend (and high-school friend, speaking of my high school days!) Ali of A Dash of Details! A few quick details on my outfit and then I REALLY gotta go pack, okay? ? How CUTE is this top by Madewell? I have been seeing button downs with a lot of ruffle detailing lately and I am ALL about it. You guys know I’m not huge into trends, but this is one that I can definitely get behind! You know I always talk about keeping juxtaposition in mind when putting together outfits–so that’s what I did here. Since the top is so feminine, I thought it would be interesting to pair it with more tomboy-like elements–like the bandana and a more relaxed skinny-straight jean–and throw in the minimalist oxfords as the cherry on top. Whenever you’re feeling in a rut or you aren’t sure of more than one way to wear something, the “juxtaposition rule” is a great one to remember! Sale alert: by the way, Shopbop sells some great Madewell items and they’re having a huge sale right now through Saturday! Make sure to give it a look to see if you can snag any of your favorites up to 30% off!)  More Madewell favorites:    Speaking of the jeans, you know I’ve got a slight Levi’s addiction. I love them all–the 521 skinny jeans (in several washes), the wedgie jeans, and my most recent addition–the 501 jeans. These are an updated version of their classic original–straight legged and looser for more of a boyfriend feel. They come in likeeee 87 different washes. (Okay fine I’m exaggerating slightly. But there are a lot.) The cool thing about Levi’s is that you can find different washes everywhere you look. These are the “Supercharger” wash ordered from their website, which happen to be on sale. Sizing really depends on the wash and how much give it has to it. I’d say these run true to size. Shopbop also has a bunch on sale, and Nordstrom has a couple as well! Another sale alert: So many of my favorite denim brands are on sale at ShopBop right now (make sure to use code GOBIG18) so if you’ve been in the market for new jeans, here’s what I’d recommend buying: Denim skirts: They’re back, and personally, I’m very excited that they’re in style again! The days of the ultra low-waisted, 2 inch Hollister skirts are gone in lieu of high-waisted, reasonably short skirts. I love this Levi’s one and this AGolde one, both part of the sale! This Joe’s Jean’s one is also a teensy bit longer, which is really nice! Skinny Jeans: My favorite skinnies of ALL TIME are J.Brand Maria jeans. They do run a bit differently depending on the wash (I’m told) but I own the “Bluebird” wash and they do run small. Shop more J.Brand jeans on sale here! I also love my Rag and Bone skinny jeans (my exact pair is old from last year but this pair is very similar!) Shop more Rag and Bone jeans on sale here! Like I mentioned above, the Levi’s 721 jeans are all so great and very flattering. I find they run relatively true to size except for the ones who don’t have any stretch (just pay attention to the material)–in that case, size up! Non Skinny Jeans: I’ve been dabbling in the “non-skinny jean” category a lot more lately! My favorites are the Levi’s Wedgie jeans (I have the “Wedgie straight“–they look a LOT shorter in the photo than they are in real life. You can see how I styled them here!) but the “Icon” is a little more tapered! Jean shorts: I love the high-rise and longer length of these jean shorts, which are sometimes really hard to find! (Perfect for those of us who are no longer 22 ?)         Don’t forget to take advantage of the Shopbop sale before it ends tomorrow! I shared more picks over in this blog post!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Olga says  March 2, 2018 at 8:08 am I love that top, it would look so cute with white jeans! Have fun in Arizona & NYC! Can’t wait to see the project you’re working on!! Olga
http://www.littlethingsolga.com 
Allie says  March 2, 2018 at 10:51 am I love that top! Also, I’ve never heard of  the juxtaposition rule before, I’ll have to keep it in mind from now on. xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Jen Kessler says  March 2, 2018 at 12:42 pm I absolutely love that top!!! It pairs perfectly with that scarf too!  Floral Collage Prints 
Bright December says  March 3, 2018 at 8:36 pm That top is so pretty! https://brightdecember.blogspot.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Heeled Sandals, Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes, Black Formal Gowns, Rebecca Taylor Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 16, 2017   Pink tassel dress: Shopbop–comes in SO MANY COLORS! // Sandals: Very old, but I love these, these, these, and these adorable wrap-around sandals–all would all be great for a warm-weather trip! Tote bag: a gift from my bff, Ally, for being a bridesmaid! How sweet is that!? I know she got them on Etsy, but I can’t find them currently. Although, Nordstrom does sell several similar versions! // Hat: similar here (also love this straw wide-brim fedora!) 
Monday! How is it already Monday?




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Are you like me in that you say things like, “oh, it’ll be so nice when summer dies down–I’ll have so much more free time! Life will stop moving so fast!” only to then start saying, “ohh after the holidays! It’ll be so nice then!” (Do we ever stop saying this? I swear life hasn’t stopped moving any less quickly!) I remember when we walked into our room in Mexico, running out to the balcony, giddy over the view and the weather screaming “I CAN’T BELIEVE WE’RE HEEEREEE!!”–I stopped to take a mental picture and remember how I felt in that moment, because I knew in a blink, the trip would be over. And that’s pretty much how it went! But luckily, I have all these great photos to remember it by, right? We snapped these our second day (our first full day, if you will) in Cancun. We were still getting our bearings around the resort–we stayed at Secrets Playa Mujeres, and it was a dream (full review on our trip and the resort right over here!) There was this beautiful boardwalk that took you from the hotel down to the beach. We were like giddy little teenagers walking around and taking in how beautiful it was. We hadn’t explored that side of the resort yet, and just around the bend, we saw a little tiki bar with swings, and about a dozen cabanas to the left. (More on the cabanas in the next post–we had slept in too late to snag one that day!) I then witnessed another girl ordering something called a “Bahama Mama,” at the tiki bar, and she was promptly handed the most beautiful peachy-coral colored drink. (Which happened to be the EXACT color of the dress I was wearing!) I decided that I had to have one. What else could you want at 10am in Mexico? I’m never usually one for tropical, girly drinks, but something about being in Mexico changed my mind. I think I racked up Bahama Mamas in the double digits while I was there! This dress is the perfect tropical vacation dress. I wore it here as a beach cover-up (how cute would it look with these wrap-around sandals?) but you could easily pair it with espadrille wedges like these for a dinner date! (We loved that the resort had a bunch of restaurants, many of them more upscale, which was nice to have an excuse to dress up for dinner, rather than living in flip flops the whole time!) Shop all dress colors:   Afterwords, we headed to brunch, and then got lucky enough to snag two beach chairs right by the infinity pool, overlooking the beach! (Heaven.) To be honest, I always thought I would get bored on an all-inclusive vacation–but I was so, so wrong. If you’re like me, I will assure you, there are so many things to do at the resort and in Cancun in general, you will never be bored! (Also, I surprised myself–ALL I wanted to do was lay on the beach and do nothing, haha!)     
  Fast forward to now–you know, real life–I have to admit my brain is still in post-holiday/vacation mush. I hope this week will be more productive! Do you feel back to normal yet? We had a very relaxing and fun weekend! We hadn’t hung out with Kelly and Mitch in FOREVER. Since before the holidays! (So yes, essentially, forever.) We went over there on Friday night and had so much fun. (Emma has grown soooo much since we last saw her. Can’t she stay tiny forever?!) I made skinny pool dip (recipe here, but I hold the black olives. Bleh!) asian turkey sliders (which I don’t have a recipe for because I usually make up my own!) and coleslaw! Kelly made fruit salad. (That means wine. Shhhh.) It seems like it’s been forever since I cooked anything, so it felt so good to get back in the kitchen! (Speaking of kitchens, did you see our latest kitchen update?)  
   Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Travel  
Jess Zimlich says  January 16, 2017 at 7:42 am I couldn’t agree more about time flying by. I just looked at my planner and thought, “no way is it mid-January…” You look so happy in all of these photos! So glad you and Neal had such a great time  26 and Not Counting 
Diana Pearl says  January 16, 2017 at 9:03 am I love that coverup SO much — I have it in the blue stripe! So so cute. Honestly, an inclusive, never leave the beach vacation sounds great right about now! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Rachel Spross says  January 16, 2017 at 9:26 am That dress looks too cute on you! I love the color. And the photos are just beautiful. Sounds like an amazing time! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Classic Catherine says  January 16, 2017 at 10:27 am What a darling outfit! I never need to do anything at the beach other than lay around and eat and drink haha. I also don’t do black olives! 
xoxo,
Catherine: Classic Catherine 
Britney says  January 16, 2017 at 3:48 pm That dress is super cute and the color compliments your skin tone so well. That last photo is my favorite- adorable! 
Lauren Oliver says  January 16, 2017 at 4:46 pm Love these photos! I could totally go for a vacation (Bahama Mama’s included!) in Cancun right now… particularly since it’s foggy and dreary outside of window right now! And I’m so obsessed with that pretty cover up – you look too cute! Lauren
http://oliverstwistblog.com 
Alexa says  January 16, 2017 at 6:13 pm I love the outfit and the pictures look great! Alexa // http://www.allthingsalexanicole.com 
Rach Martin says  January 17, 2017 at 11:40 am I am drooling over your cover up and these gorgeous photos! I’m in desperate need of a vacay! Rachel / http://www.helloher.co 
Devon says  January 17, 2017 at 6:20 pm This cover up is pretty much the cutest thing ever!! xo Devon  Seventeen Dresses  
Joules says  January 20, 2017 at 9:28 am Love that tassel-back dress on you! Bahama mamas are my absolute favorite Caribbean drink. Glad you enjoyed them too! Style by Joules Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Graphic Tees, Mules, Black Pj Sets, Knit Turtlenecks and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 22, 2016   OUTFIT: Red Sweater: VERY old, but similar here, here, here (only $55!) and here (total steal at $39!) // Ballet Flats: Repetto, bought in Paris, but very similar versions here (patent red) and here (non patent red). They also come in EVERY color and are so, so comfortable! I want a pair in light pink, and also like the one’s with the midi heels. Jeans: Levi’s (similar styles here, and here!) // Scarf: Old, but similar here, here, and here. (We also have a whole plaid scarf page in our Winter Guide!) // BEAUTY: MAC lip primer + lipstick in “Diva,” Estee Lauder eyebrow pencil (LOVE that thing!) and blush,  Dior Mascara, Bareminerals Complexion Rescue + Mineral makeup foundation, hair curled with a Beachwaver curling iron & Oribe dry texture spray.    Want to know what’s really fun?  Discovering an old staple in the back of your closet, and finding something different to wear it with that makes it feel brand new again.  That’s what happened with this red sweater! (Mine is old, but similar version here). It’s been my go-to for countless holiday parties, Christmas mornings, Christmas Eves–you name it. Plus, it’s the prettiest shade of punchy read, so it obviously works great for non-holiday occasions too!  Speaking of holiday go-tos, having great festively colored staples is great to fall back on, but sometimes they can leave your outfit feeling old and stale. Like, “I’m wearing this, but I don’t LOVE wearing this” kind of attitude, you know? Sometimes all it takes is a little remixing! I made a few simple swaps and made this feel like a completely brand new outfit. First, instead of wearing it with the typical boots, I went for a red on red look by choosing ballet flats instead. Sounds simple, but results in a whole different look altogether! If you followed along on my Paris posts, you’ll know that I got these adorable little red ballet flats while we were on our trip there. They are seriously the BEST flats I’ve ever worn–so comfortable and feel like you’re pretty much barefoot. Repetto is the brand who makes them, which apparently is THE place to get flats if you’re a French girl. They actually make REAL ballet shoes (like for real ballerinas! How cool is that?) I get so much joy every time I put them on, remembering what an incredible trip we had. I think classic items of clothing and accessories are some of the best souvenirs you can buy. They allow you to re-live your trip for years to come each time you wear them! (Same goes with my leather jacket my mom bought me as a gift when she came to visit me while studying abroad in Italy!)  Okay…back to the “easy wardrobe swaps” conversation. Another one I made: instead of my dark skinnies, I pulled some classic mom-style jeans (side note, I’m pretty sure my mom had this EXACT pair of jeans when I was growing up, I remember them so vividly! Mom jeans in the most literal sense.) My trick for making boxy sweaters flattering: style them with high-waisted jeans. Go for a half-tuck or side-tuck, which defines your waist and makes you feel more feminine and less like a shoebox ;-P (Who wants to feel like a shoebox?!)  The final touch? A classic plaid scarf (which also had red in it) and swipe of deep, dark red lipstick. (Red is clearly the underlying theme here, have you noticed?) Sometimes the matchy-matchy thing is the best. “How easy is that?” (I’m basically the Barefoot Contessa of outfit remixing. Not really.)   
     Want more holiday-worthy outfit ideas? Check out this outfit & this outfit!  Photos by Jules Kennedy Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Rachel Spross says  November 22, 2016 at 9:50 am I love that orange sweater! It looks so cute with your scarf. Such a classic fall outfit! -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/shein-sweater/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Straw Bags, Black And White Dresses, Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Citizens Of Humanity Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 31, 2018  Happy Tuesday! I am admittedly still recovering from my bestie Melissa’s bachelorette party ? BUT we were up bright and early yesterday to fly to Cincinnati for the week! I’m tagging along on Neal’s work trip (we have the Southwest companion pass, so I can hop on any flight of his for free) because my best friend lives here–we’ll be road tripping to Lexington to visit our friend Nancy (she’s basically our second mom) and stay there for the night. I basically spent the entirety of yesterday working on this post–I get so many questions about my favorite bras and underwear but it is truly not a one-size-fits-all answer! Every woman’s body is SO different–so, instead of doing a post on just MY favorites, I thought it would be WAY better to ask all of you guys!  I took to Instagram to ask your recommendations and got absolutely flooded with responses! I spent hours pouring over them, tallying up the most popular answers, and hand selecting the best quotes about them that I thought best described why they were so great, what body types and lifestyles they’re good for! I know I personally got a lot of recommendations I can’t wait to try! Read below for our fellow GG community members favorite bras, undies, and why they love them so much! (Please note, if your Instagram handle doesn’t say your real name, I just used the first initial of your Instagram handle, haha!)  I have to say, I was so excited to come across reader Bri’s incredibly thorough response–she was a certified bra specialist through Nordstrom–so she’s basically our #1 expert here. I thought it was best to start with her advice first and foremost! Bri says… “First of all, 80% of women are in the wrong bra size. and it’s so hard to name one brand that is perfect for every woman because everyone is so different. Some of my favorite brands are Natori, Chantelle, and Wacoal because they have a large range of sizes for every woman!”  Bri also recommends getting fitted at Nordstrom because I think they have the most accurate sizes. “Even if you don’t want to buy anything, you can still get fitted for free! It will change your life to wear a correctly sized bra!” she gushes.  That being said, a lot of you RAVED (and I mean RAVED) about those exact brands she mentioned–plus, a few more as well! Let’s jump into details! This was easily the #1 most recommended brand by woman of all cup sizes–I’d say if you’re looking for a non wireless bra, this is probably where I’d recommend you start, based on all of your feedback! Plus, a lot of their bras are part of the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale (which is only going for a few more days!) Bri says, “Natori feathers bra is great and it’s always part of Nordstrom’s Anniversary Sale! It’s deep v plunge/ life bra with lace for those who are wearing a deep v dress or top that wants a little lift. I’s always such a beautiful bra and it comes in a variety of colors.”  “A” emphatically agrees– “Natori bras are the best thing EVER. I’m a 34C and adore the Everyday T-shirt bra, and so do both my sister and mom! It’s the perfect comfy bra for basically everything (except tops with a super deep v or low armholes) with no show through and just the right amount of support.”  Rachel adds, “I love the Natori feathers bras–they are so pretty with light coverage (I don’t need much!) Jen echoes the resounding praise for Natori bras and adds another huge plus: “they hold their shape wash after wash!” Aerie also gave Natori a run for its money–I’ve heard really great things about them before, but I was very excited to hear that even larger chested ladies found their bralettes to be supportive enough–which isn’t something you hear too often! If you’ve been wanting a “barely there” bra–I’d start here! “I love bralettes from Aerie–I usually wear a medium top but have a larger chest and the large size works great for me. They are comfortable and super cute. Not as supportive as a regular bra but I still wear them all the time. The brand also stands for body positivity which is great and they’re on sale all the time”–Sheila  “I’m very small chested (barely a B and only reached it after age 25!) and love Aerie for bralettes. I don’t need support, so anything that feels as little like a bra as possible is what I am for. I particularly like their unlined and unpadded bras (also confirming your recent discovery that American Eagle actually has some really cute stuff!!” -Liz “Aerie is great for girls with small frames–they have a 30 band and are cheap!” –Kate “I love the Aerie Real Me bras–I have a large bust and they are comfy without looking huge!”–Elisabeth Bri says, “Chantelle is one of my favorite brands because of the wide range of sizes. They go from A-H and have push-ups and full coverage.”  Reader Yvonne also agrees– “Chantelle bras are great for bustier girls bc the underwear support is awesome. No extra padding, and they’re still pretty which is rare for larger sizes! I love the Rive Gauche bra, which I got during last year’s NSale–it’s on sale again right now!” One of Bri’s all-time favorite brands, “Typically for us bustier women, there’s not a lot of cute options. It’s either old lady minimizers or zero coverage support/cute bras. Freya is a European company that offers super cute options for those of us with big boobs. This happened so often where a young woman would come in and say, “I know there’s nothing cute in my size…” (many of which had been told this at Victoria’s Secret) and I would always pull Freya and they would be amazed!”  Readers like Kate also agree– “Freya is a great brand for small rib cages and large boobs!”  What seems to me to be a big Third Love rival–I had always wondered about this brand so I’m so glad a few of you weighed in on it and had great things to say. Granted, ThirdLove was a more popular recommendation, but people specifically called out Lively for their wireless bra and strapless bra! “The strapless bra is life-changing”–Megan “I recently ordered a wireless bra and bralette from Lively after doing a LOT of research.” –Emily “Cute, well-priced and non under-wire options for us ladies with surgeries up top!”–Jess “Never going back to underwire! I’m smaller, but they cater to most sizes!”–J Another that get’s the bra specialist stamp of approval! It sounds like these are an absolute must for anyone who struggles to find a good supportive bra for larger chests.  Shelby says, “I received the Wacoal “Embrace Lace” bralette as a gift from one of my bridesmaids at my bachelorrete and I LOVE IT. I’m normally a 34DD so bralettes don’t usually come to mind for me but the bio wire is so comfortable and I still feel supported (and it’s cute!) The downside is that the lace is hard to wear under some t-shirts but I still wear it all the time. I have the black and I’m hoping to purchase the beige soon. Can also be made into a racer back!” Preeti sings Wacoal’s praises–“I’m a 36DD and always used to get VS but they’d push me up so much my cleavage would be at my chin! These are affordable, supportive but still comfy. Plus, you can’t see it under t-shirts! I always used to have to wear camis but I can skip that step w/ these bras. This is the first bra that I felt supported in.”  Stan says, “I’m a 32i and Wacoal bras are my favorite!” “Wacoal has great minimizer bras for those of us with hefty chests!” – Ally This was a dark horse I did not expect–I had no idea CK was known for their bras, but scanning the hundreds of 5 star reviews at Nordstrom will tell you this is clearly a crowd favorite for all bra sizes!  “I exclusively wear Calvin Klein convertible strap lightly lined demi bras with no padding. (Nordstrom Rack always has them at a good price!) They are so comfortable and you cannot see the under your shirts, the stars stay up and still give a good lift . I wear an A cup and have a slender athletic body type. I don’t like their underwear though–I prefer DKNY because they fit perfectly and look good. Calvin Klein ones always fit in a weird way or give you an awkward muffin top. TMI but hopefully this helps!” –Cait I have a small frame and a fairly large chest (32DD) and the Calvin Klein Perfectly Fit Modern T-Shirt Bra fits PERFECTLY! It’s so smooth and has an amazing range of skin tone colors! It’s also part of the Nordstrom sale but it’s affordable either way. Perfect t-shirt bra, I never have to wear camp’s under sheer tops when I wear it!–Alex  I also wasn’t surprised to see Hanky Panky included among favorite brands for bralettes! They sell quite a few of them at Nordstrom but there are more available on their website as well! I’ve had one for years and love it but my only knock was that it wasn’t lined–I didn’t know they came out with a version with removable padding, so I’m excited to give these another try! Hanky Panky makes a plus size bralette! So instead of covering like half a nip like that popular free people one, I can cover both tatas. ?–Becca “My weight has been up and down over the years, and Hanky Panky has been a favorite all throughout!–Sarah I heard a LOT of praise for Third Love due to the fact that they have a huge range of sizes–including 1/2 cup sizes and no slip straps! I can echo the fact that I love this about them, although, I do prefer a bra without underwire–so while it’s very comfortable for an underwire bra, it’s not always my go-to! The Third Love classic t-shirt bra! I have a larger chest and always struggle with straps slipping off my shoulders and underwire digging into me. This bra feels like butter and fixes both of these problems! –Margot Caitlin says “I’m a 36E and surprisingly found my size in a majority of their styles. They have great straps and the softest cup material. They also do a “try before you buy” program and if you try it and don’t like it then you can send it back and they dry-clean it and donate it to a woman’s shelter. In addition, recently the wire popped through on mine (had it about 8 months) and I sent them an email and they sent me a free one!”–Caitlin Jean raves, “I forget I have the bra on!!” “So many sizes and styles that are inclusive of all body types and boob shapes!”–C “I LOVE LOVE the sexy illusions lightly lined wireless bra by VS. I’m a 32C (/34B) and it fits me like a dream! Its by far the most comfortable bra I’ve ever owned. Feels like wearing a bralette but actually gives you definition. It truly looks good under everything–pretty good support and considering (for a small chest at least) and the sides are seamless which means the bra lays perfectly on your skin–no bra lines under your shirt!” –Mary  (Jess’ note: I will agree this is definitely the most attractive of all wireless bras–I feel like most of them look like granny bras but these ones really give you great shape and more push up oomph than a lot of wireless bras! I have one but I don’t wear it everyday because it still adds more bulk than I would like.)  “I love the Body By Victoria Demi bras. Fit well, wash well, and work with all necklines!”–Aly “The Lululemon Enlight bra has CHANGED MY LIFE. No, that’s not being dramatic. I’m a 32DDD and it can handle it all. No joke, best sports bra ever.” –Darcy Lauren says, “Bravado Seamless Silk is a great bra for nursing mamas! I don’t particularly think they’re the sexiest bras in the world but for comfort while breastfeeding they are amazing for comfort and support! They have slits for liners (which they come with) to protect against embarrassing leaking accidents, they give you a nice smooth line and functionality for snapping/unsnappping, they are great.”  “I love Soma! The service there was amazing. The bras are supporting and have great coverage. I’m a 36 D and need good quality, and they deliver–the pricing is nothing too outrageous! My favorite undies are also from there. I wear a medium and would say they are true to size.” –Sheila Madelyn says, “the Soma Lace Plunge Bralette is hands down my favorite bra. I’ve been nursing for almost 2 years and this is better and more comfortable than any nursing bra. You can slide the bra over, it has good support, doesn’t fall off your shoulders or pucker. It’s lined, and is so pretty! I can’t wear anything with an underwire and am so glad I found this last year. You don’t have to be a mom to love it (it’s not a nursing bra). It’s flattering and perfect for everyday.”  “The Magic Hands bras are absolutely brilliant strapless bras for girls with big boobs!” – Jasmine I’m obsessed with the Spanx Bralellujah bralette–no wires but still supportive! –Micki Reader Jenn recommended this brand, who specifically makes bras to help breast cancer survivors feel sexy again post-mastectomy! They are all wireless, all the models on their website are cancer survivors, and 10% of the proceeds of certain bras are donated to charities that help women with breast cancer. They also have swimwear! AMAZING. Its no surprise that my #1 favorite brand of underwear was one of the biggest fan favorites. They make a low-rise and a regular rise thong–I prefer the low rise as the regular rise for me just feels like too much fabric, but that’s definitely an individual preference! “Hanky Panky retro high-waist thongs are amazing–they are not low rise which I love. Plus, they come in plus sizes. Really comfortable!”–Becca “Hanky Panky mid-rise or high rise thongs–they are amazing fit and feel like you’re wearing NOTHING! They’re also on sale at Nordstrom right now!”–Nicole Meghan says of their thong underwear, “I’ve worn them since I was 18 (so 12 years?!) and I am still obsessed!” M loves their “vikini” underwear–”Zero panty line, no digging into your skin, and they wash well!” Calvin Klein was definitely a popular recommendation as well–I can vouch for that! I love their invisible undies–they don’t show under anything! I recently started wearing Calvin Klein underwear and they are so comfortable. I thought the band might be really visible since it’s thick but it hasn’t been a problem. Also they sell them in packs at Nordstrom Rack for the same price as Victorias Secret underwear. –Hannah  “Calvin Klein invisible underwear! It’s super soft and doesn’t show through dresses! Comes in different styles (thong, hipster, etc,) for whatever you like!”–Casey I had no idea Zella made underwear! Makes total sense–and they’re definitely a more affordable alternative to athletic underwear than Lulu’s (which everyone also raves about). “The Zella underwear from Nordstrom are my favorite! They are breathable and so comfy!” –Chelsea “I love Aerie undies! They’re so affordable, great quality, and have tons of style options! On their website you can see the different cuts on all different body types which is awesome. Yes, you have to look past some teen branding, but I promise it’s worth it!” -Sarah “Aerie undies never fail me. They are good quality, comfy, and the lace doesn’t disintegrate in the wash!” –Liz Emilia raves about Thinx period underwear–I totally have heard of these before and I have to admit they severely grossed me out to the point of gagging when I read the term “hold up to two tampons worth” on their website, but then I realized you can wear them however you want–(you don’t have to wear them instead of a tampon or a pad) I would definitely wear them as backup underwear to avoid getting stains in my regular underwear! (TMI?) Hanky Panky low rise thongs are probably my #1 favorite, but the Victoria’s Secret dupes are less expensive and almost as great! Sounds like you guys agree, too! “The lace hipster thong at Victoria’s Secret is a GOD SEND because it’s sexy but almost has a shapewear-like quality for curvier girls whereas the normal thong doesn’t sit smoothly on your hips and if you’re not wearing shape wear you’ll see a line under your dress. I feel weirdly confident in them, it’s amazing.” –Sam Hannah also loves Victorias Secret thongs– “I’ve been buying the stretch cotton lace waist since HIGH SCHOOL (I’m almost 29…so over 10 years!) They got rid of them a few years ago and I almost rioted. I’ve bought other underwear thinking I’ll like it but never wear it and it sits in the back of the drawer unused–but they’ve since brought them back! I love it because it doesn’t pinch your side fat like a lot of thongs do and I have a big ole booty and it’s not  uncomfortable! “I love their boy shorts for booty coverage in dresses and they go over my stomach!” –Jess “The best undies I’ve found are the VS Seamless thongs, they are high-waisted, but comfy!”–Brie Spanx everyday shaping thong and the undie-tectable thong/panty. Sexy and keeps everything in! Good for anyone who isn’t super toned throughout the lower tummy area. I’m 5’3, 145, not quite curvy but not thin, works perfect for me.  Great upgrade from old school Spanx shorts, which just tend to be too much fabric. The thong and undies are a little on the pricier side but Nordstrom Anniversary Sale has some on sale for $15! Wore the thong under my wedding dress!” –Abbey “I looovvveee the Gap Breathe Undies! It’s been two years since I switched and threw out all the others!” –J “Gap Body undies are the softest I’ve ever worn.  They come in most cuts too!”–Lauren “They are so freaking comfy, you forget you have them on!”–Shelbee I can’t even TELL you how many of you raved about Soma’s Vanishing Underwear! I have also tried these and agree they really don’t move AT ALL–so if you prefer non-thong underwear, they’re definitely worth checking out. Taylor says, “Soma’s Vanishing Edge Underwear are amazing for any body type–they have so many styles and they show through nothing–no wedgies–I can even wear them under tight leggings!” Ally agrees, saying “they are amazing! No lines, no moving!” “The NamaStay thong is the absolute best for working out–no panty lines!”–Tay “I love Lulu underwear! It’s seamless and it does not show through anything!” –H “They’re expensive, but I swear by lululemon undies, especially if you work out often!”–Gina Would LOVE to keep the conversation going–is your favorite on here? If not, tell us what it is, and why it’s so great! If you’ve been having trouble finding the perfect bra and underwear for you, I hope this gives you a great start!  Filed Under: Advice, Lifestyle, Real Women Approved, Style  
AMANDA B MAHONY says  July 31, 2018 at 7:59 am I actually exclaimed yay when I opened my inbox and saw this post- I commend you on your ability to honor what real women want to hear everyday on your blog! I would add: Madewell makes the best underwear, ever. I got a gift cert for christmas and blew it on panties and was blown away. I stocked up during the Nordstrom sale. 
Kathleen says  August 2, 2018 at 10:39 am Great post, and AMEN to Calvin Klein T-shirt bras! I’m also completely obsessed with Commando underwear, specifically their thongs. I’m not particularly in love with wearing underwear generally (real talk: 30 is too old for wedgies) and thongs are kinda weird sometimes. But these are a dream to wear- literally zero digging, lines, or discomfort, they last a long time unlike some other seamless panties that have ripped in…odd..places for me, are so soft you forget you’re wearing them, and are totally un-seeable even under thin fabrics. I also love them for travel-  you can pack lighter since they wash well in the sink and dry in ~30 seconds. They’re pricy, but so, so worth it. 
Babeappeal says  September 27, 2019 at 1:16 am Very Nice Blog..
All the information that you shared with us through your blog that is very helpful and useful. Keep sharing.. […] was the most recommended bra out of ALL of them for our Real Women Approved Reader Roundup of Bras + Underwear! (See the full post here! Lot’s of the best bras and undies are included in the Nordstrom […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Platform Black Heels, Light Blue Jeans, Black Flats, Green Coats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 10, 2017  Wahoo! Can you believe today’s post marks month TWO of the Capsule Wardrobe Remix series?! Hooray! If you didn’t catch it earlier, I debuted this series last month to help you get more out of your current wardrobe, fill holes in your closet, and to spark creativity when putting together your everyday outfits. October’s series was a hit (click here to see October’s capsule wardrobe item list) and I showed you how to style leather leggings three ways, four ways to wear a black dress from work to the weekend, four ways to wear a convertible sweater, and finally, last week, four versatile ways to wear boyfriend jeans! Now, what’s up this month? Let’s find out! What has changed, and what is different? You guys asked for more outfits that could work in and out of the office. (Especially those in the business casual environment.) –Check! You asked for staples that could be go-to’s as we ramp up for the holidays, but not so festive that you won’t be able to wear them after December–check! You asked for more ideas on how to style your knee-high and over the knee boots–check! You asked for ideas on how to wear your Barbour Beadnell jackets–when I asked which one, it was SUCH a half and half split, that I decided to throw both of them in there. Does this mean I think you NEED both jackets? Of course not! Remember, I want you take what works for you from this series, and leave what doesn’t. Do I think you’ll get a ton of wear if you own both jackets? Of course! Above all, if you’re looking to fill some holes in your closet this season, I hope this post right here can become a go-to wardrobe planner for you. Now–shall we get into the list of this month’s items? YAS!  I recently got this camel coat from Ann Taylor and I am absolutely loving it! I’m confident that it will be one of my most favorite purchases of the entire season. It’s beautiful, chic, and most importantly–warm! I’ve been wearing it non-stop lately, and it’s even warm enough to still remain your “going out coat” all winter when you’re all dressed up and need a coat to go with your pretty dress. (Obviously not for trekking through snow in the daytime, that is a job for Canada Goose, but we don’t need puffers in a capsule wardrobe now do we? ?) My Barbour coats are some of the most functional things I own, aside from being super stylish! If you’re wondering if they’re worth the money–they 100% are. They are both extremely well-made and will last a lifetime. Again, you guys requested BOTH of these so much that I normally would not have put both coats in here (granted, I don’t know which one I would’ve picked because they’re so different!) What I love about the waxed beadnell is that it’s truly an all-weather coat. It’s water and wind resistant, and you can also purchase a liner (this one is fleece-lined!) and hood to go with it for added warmth! In terms of function, I prefer this Beadnell over it’s quilted counterpart because of the flannel-lined hand warming pockets and the ability to add the snap-on hood. The warming pockets are super deep and have a unique curve to them so your hands stay SO toasty warm with no cold air leaking in. When I wear it, I don’t even wear gloves, because that’s how warm they keep my hands! It comes in several colors, which I’ll link in the widget below! Shop Waxed Barbour Beadnell coats:    Where to buy: My recommended places to purchase Barbour are Tuckernuck and Nordstrom, but they are sold a lot of different places! I would check both of these because they tend to stock different sizes/colors at certain times. Sizing: they used to run REALLY small (b/c European sizes) but I think they’ve updated their sizing now–from what I can tell, the reviews mention to size up for a more relaxed fit if you want more room for layers. They don’t run as small as the quilted versions do. The Waxed Beadnell’s brother, the Quilted Beadnell, is also in a totally different league in terms of style! If you love the classic, preppy, quilted look but don’t want to pay an arm and a leg for a Burberry quilted jacket, this could be a good option! Granted, it’s not completely comparable, because of the corduroy collar, it’s a bit more casual, but still–a great dupe if I say so! I love that you can turn up the sleeves and have the plaid underneath as well! This version has a polar quilt lining, so it’s also extremely warm! You can also purchase a liner to go underneath this one as well for extra warmth. This one also comes in several colors, which I’ll link in the widget below. Shop Quilted Barbour Beadnell coats:    Where to buy: My recommended places to purchase Barbour are Tuckernuck and Nordstrom, but they are sold a lot of different places! I would check both of these because they tend to stock different sizes/colors at certain times. Sizing: Run small, size up. I’m wearing a US4 and I usually wear an XS in jackets. Chunky cardigans are really in right now, and I’ve received quite a few questions on what to wear them with OTHER than just jeans or leggings, so I thought this would be a fun challenge to tackle! The cardigan I’ve featured here has sadly since sold out in this particular color but I’m linking similar versions in the widget below (most of these come in several different colors!):   Probably my #1 most worn piece in my winter wardrobe is a thin striped turtleneck. (I also have it in grey and wear that one frequently as well!) It’s a super thin material, so it’s really more of a cozy version of a t-shirt. These make the best base layers and I wear them under everything for both visual interest as well as warmth. If stripes aren’t your thing, they come in lot’s of other colors too!   Arguably one of my favorite items in this capsule–I am in love with this camisole and have worn it so many times since I purchased it a few weeks ago. It looks amazing under chunky cardigans, paired with skirts, jeans–whatever. It’s one of Neal’s favorite things I’ve bought in a LONG time. (He says its one of the few things I own that a Grandma wouldn’t wear.)   I’ve had this silk button-down (also available at Nordstrom–they also have a short sleeve version!) for what feels like forever, and it’s rare for a week to go by without me pulling it out of the closet. I actually wrote a whole post about how much I love it right over here! It’s perfect for work (you can wear a nude bra underneath with no show-through, or a nude cami, if you’d prefer) and for date night, I love wearing a black lace bralette underneath (it’s not see through-just a hint!) OR you could even wear the lace camisole underneath! Basically, its my go-to top year-round for pretty much all occasions, and it’s a really great price too!   I chose a camel crewneck sweater here because they are so great for layering and I chose a camel color scheme here because it goes with everything and I think it just makes you look so chic. Any other color would be great here too, it just depends on your preference–the key is just that it’s crewneck! I wear one often with my striped tissue turtleneck underneath, or even the silk button down! It also looks super cute layered over dresses or tucked into skirts.   Another sweater that makes me feel incredibly chic and timeless–mine is old from (shocker) Everlane, but this black turtleneck is very similar, as is this one! It’s flattering, slimming and can be dressed up or dressed down very easily! Black sweaters are also key for travel–they don’t show any dirt, stains or spills!   It’s OFFICIALLY almost the holidays–which means…ba da daaa! Time to break out the plaid! I love this skirt by BB Dakota because it’s festive, but not TOO festive to where to feels “Christmassy”–which means, you can totally wear it after the holidays, too. It is TO DIE with OTK boots, but can also work for the office with a pair of tights and pumps! It runs quite large, so size down! (I’m wearing a size 0) If you want something a little less “plaidish” there’s also this really cute grey windowpane wrap skirt! I plan to feature this skirt by sharing how to style a plaid skirt four ways, so get excited! I present to you–the ONLY dress you need to buy this season! (That is, if you only wanted to buy one dress.) It’s made by Everlane and comes in dark green, black, and a beautiful dark red hue. “Sleeveless?” you might be thinking, “for winter?” But here’s the thing: with sleeveless dresses, you can layer long sleeves underneath for a completely new look! For a more formal occasion, wear it sleeveless with your best pair of pretty earrings and some beautiful pumps! (And drape the camel coat over your shoulders–you’ll look like a million bucks!) This dress can be dressed up for a winter wedding or holiday party, or dressed down with boots for brunch. The opportunities are endless, really. I am absolutely loving it and have worn it so many ways this season already! See how to style this holiday dress four ways.   Do you know what ponte pants are? If you don’t, you might want to sit down, because your mind is about to be BLOWN. They’re essentially fancy leggings (made with sturdier, nicer fabric) you can wear to the office, but also wear out to dinner, on the airplane, or literally anywhere because they’re so dang comfy. Yeah–amazing. I know you guys were wanting more business-casual looks, so I had to include these! I love this pair because they have the seam in the front and the legs aren’t QUITE as skinny/tight as leggings, so they are extra appropriate if you work in an office. They also come in charcoal. Such a great price too–under $50!  See how to wear ponte pants four ways. Of course, I had to throw one pair of jeans in here! I always recommend high-waisted, dark skinny jeans. They’re not just the most flattering–but they’re also the most versatile. You can get away with dark skinnies just about anywhere outside of a wedding. I love both the Rag & Bone Skinny Jeans (33% off right now!) that I featured in last month’s capsule and the J.Brand Maria jeans (many pairs also 30% off!) which I’ll be wearing this month! The crown jewel of my wardrobe: my Stuart Weitzman Lowland boots. I wear them SO. MUCH. And sadly, I can confidently say there is no budget-friendly duplicate out there. I have searched high and low! They are expensive for a reason–no other thigh-high, tie-in-the-back boots that I’ve found really hug your leg like these do. However–good news–I DO love the budget-friendly Blondo Olivia boots! They don’t look exactly the same, (they aren’t as tall, and they stretch in the back vs. tie) but if you want a boot that is going to hug your leg in a similar fashion, this is a great choice! They’re also waterproof, and come in grey as well! I wear these boots when I want to save my Stuart Weitzmans from crazy weather! I just recently got these knee-high boots from Splendid (you saw me style them over here!) and I absolutely love the look of them. They look so cute with skirts and dresses as well as jeans! Best of all, they are SO comfy. I walked all over San Francisco in them one day and zero blisters or toe pinching! They come in black as well as brown–Sam Edelman makes a similar pair in a lighter tan color that is beautiful as well! Linking more below as well:   Another item from Everlane (they are really the MVP brand of this capsule!) I got these oxfords last spring and wore them all the way through May–and I was SO excited to pull them out again for fall! They’re truly one of the most beautifully crafted pair of shoes that I own. I love that they’re so classic and preppy looking, but the slightly pointed toe provides a more modern, minimalistic twist.   They’re back again! Yes, you also saw them in last month’s capsule, but you know the saying–if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it! Every woman should have one pair of classic, sleek, black pumps. I adore these Sam Edelmans. (Mine are actually slinkbacks from a few years ago but these are the current version. There is also a version with an ankle strap!) The price point on these is great, they are super comfy, and they are so versatile, you will wear them year-round from everything from work to weddings to dates and everything in between.   Ah, yes, you will recognize some more old friends from October’s capsule wardrobe! My handbags stayed the same, well, because I really don’t own that many handbags, and I still believe these are three of the most versatile bags you can own! I love this leopard clutch and wear it everywhere. (Nordstrom actually has a TON of different leopard clutches right now!) I’m a huge fan of it for going out because it brightens up even the most basic outfit. Plus, it’s such a steal for less than $50 and it looks and feels like the designer version.  The Madewell Transport tote making the capsule wardrobe cut comes as a shock to absolutely none of you, I am sure. It’s my everything bag. Work, travel, groceries–whatever, this is always the bag I’m reaching for and it comes in several sizes, styles and colors as well.   I was so on the fence when I purchased this crossbody (it’s Rebecca Minkoff’s ‘Love’ bag in size small!) as to whether or not I would wear it, but I’d have to say it’ snow become one of my most reached for bags. I really love the fact that it’s olive, which is a neutral, but a really fun mix-up from the typical tan or grey. Although my exact version is no longer available, this one is nearly identical, just slightly larger!   I chose this scarf because it’s neutral (so it goes with everything) but also has a pattern for added interest. Plus, you can wear it SO many different ways–it can be a wrap or poncho, too! SaveSave SaveSave SaveSaveSaveSave Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Style  
Taylor Cannon says  November 10, 2017 at 8:31 am So excited for another capsule post! These are so helpful for trying to focus on staple pieces and really just making the most of what you have!
Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Jess says  November 14, 2017 at 4:20 pm Yayyy so happy to hear that, Taylor! 
Diana Pearl says  November 10, 2017 at 10:07 am I’m loving this series!! I have so many of these items (and I want all the rest…!)  x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Jess says  November 14, 2017 at 4:20 pm I’m so glad, Diana! 
Amy Calfas says  November 13, 2017 at 8:36 am i just wanted to leave a post to say how much I absolutely LOVE this capsule wardrobe series, it’s my absolute favorite! Can’t wait for the next post!
http://www.thesunnysideuprecipes.com 
Jess says  November 14, 2017 at 4:20 pm YAY! I’m so glad to hear that, Amy!! 
Breanne says  November 13, 2017 at 8:36 am Does the Beadnell ever get less waxy than when purchased? Maybe it was just the one i ordered, but it was so sticky I had to return. :/ 
Jess says  November 14, 2017 at 4:20 pm Yes! It definitely gets less so! They’re all like that at first until they get worn in! 
Kristie W says  December 6, 2017 at 8:15 am This capsule looks great! I have several pieces on order from Cyber Monday. Looking forward to seeing how you style everything! […] Some awesome fall/winter capsule wardrobe inspiration via The Golden Girl blog. […] […] Some awesome fall/winter capsule wardrobe inspiration via The Golden Girl blog. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Maxi Dresses With Sleeves, Black Flats, Silver Sandals, Tunic Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 12, 2019   Huge thanks to Ray-Ban and ShopStyle for sponsoring this post and an even bigger thanks to YOU, my readers, for supporting the brands that keep this blog going!  As you guys know, I rarely wear sunglasses that AREN’T Ray-Ban. They are my favorite brand of sunglasses and have been for pretty much my entire adult life. Neal got me my first pair–classic Aviators–when we first started dating! I remember the first time we met (when we started working together at the age of 22) the fact that he wore Ray-Bans really stood out to me. I was very impressed that despite being a poor college grad driving around his Papa’s old Buick, he made the effort to invest in really nice, stylish sunglasses.  A lot has changed since then, but our love for Ray-Ban has not! (Remember this post on all the pairs we have between the two of us!? Guess I need to update it with some new additions!)  A few reasons why I love Ray-Ban sunnies: First, their style–obviously. They make classic designs that never go out of fashion. Second–the quality. We’ve both owned Ray-Bans for years and years, and they withstand the test of time. Each pair is handcrafted in Italy and is made to last. Third–each pair offers 100% UV sun protection–which is, you know, kind of a big deal.  Anyway–I’m really excited to be working with them today sharing three new styles, in case you’re in the market for a new pair!  But first, a funny story.  Last weekend, the Loftus crew went to Arlington Racetrack (have you been? It’s SO beautiful and so fun! We can’t wait to go back) to celebrate Neal’s Aunt Margie’s birthday. I’m not kidding you–like HALF of the Loftus family was wearing Ray-Bans. I was like, “GUYS. This is so timely. I need selfies with all of you for my Ray-Ban post!” I present to you–the Loftus Family Ray-Ban Selfie Grid! Shout out to Lizzie, Midge, Uncle Liam, Kathleen, Andrew and Caroline for all repping the brand hard.  Shop everyone’s frames above (or similar!) Okay–now that we’ve established that the Ray-Ban roots run deep over here, I’m excited to show you three new pairs I’m loving! 
      First, the Wayfarer II–how ADORABLE are these? Very similar to their classic Wayfarers (which Neal has…obviously) but rounded at the bottom. If you have always loved the look of the originals but want something a little bit different and more unique–you will absolutely love these.      Second–another twist on a classic–these Aviators with a hexagonal frame! They’re like my favorite classic Aviators and round sunnies had a baby and VOILA, a new shape! I loveee the contrast of the gold frames with the dark lenses! They are the 54mm, which seems to be the right size for my face when it comes to aviators. My Ray-Ban Retro sunglasses (that I wear in like every blog post ) are the 53mm vs the 50mm, for reference!)      Definitely a big trendy twist for Ray-Ban– their cat-eye! (Which is a re-make of the 60’s Ray-Ban classic cat-eye!) I love cat-eye sunnies because, as you know, I love me anything vintage inspired. I feel like an old Hollywood star in them. They’re just plain FUN and a nice pair to mix up a collection of classics!  Shop them all:     Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Gowns Dress, Short White Dresses, Denim Dresses, Hanky Panky Panties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 26, 2017   Before we got engaged, I hardly ever entertained the idea of an at-home workout. Let’s be honest, physical activity is not my idea of a good time, so without the whole “wedding workout” motivation, the only way I could get into working out was if someone was telling me what to do the entire time. You guys already know how much I love Corepower (I wrote about that here!) But sometimes I just don’t have enough time to spare to get into the studio, therefore, my only option is something quick that I can execute in my living room. I’ve tried workout videos, but those are just downright boring, so I prefer something that I can do while I’m watching TV. (Is it ironic that I like to watch Barefoot Contessa reruns while doing squats?) There are two workouts that really stand out when I need to squeeze in a quick workout. If you often find yourself in the same situation–I can’t recommend these enough!  Blair got me hooked on BBG awhile back, and I fully vouch that it WORKS. After the first couple of weeks doing BBG a few times per week, even Neal was like, “WOAH! That works!” The program is made to follow each day, but I usually only do it a couple of times per week in between yoga and I’ve seen great results. The moves are really simple and doable at home. They sometimes call for weights or a bench, but I don’t even own those! (On several occasions I’ve used a stack of coffee table book for weighted squats and a dining chair for step-ups in lieu of a bench, haha!) The workouts are essentially made up of two different circuits, and each day focuses on a different group of muscles. Each circuit is timed–7 minutes each, then repeat one more time through–28 minutes total! It’s a great workout for a lunch break too–you could totally do it in your office, or even outside in a park!  Okay, this is my absolute FAVORITE workout. …forrrr the sole reason that it only lasts for 7 minutes  This is a good workout for when you’re feeling all, “My life is in shambles and there is absolutely ZERO WAY I can work out today.” (Guess what: You cannnnn!) Who doesn’t have 7 minutes? Honestly it’s not even long enough to sweat, so if you’re in a pinch and need to get out the door, you can even get by without showering! While this workout is short, it’s definitely not easy. I use an app called “Wahoo Seven Minutes” and it essentially times you and walks you through each move–30 seconds of going as hard as you can, with 10 seconds of rest in between. It’s pretty genius!     Have you guys heard of Outdoor Voices? They’re an awesome athletic clothing brand that makes the CUTEST stuff. It’s all really well made and super comfortable! (And no, this isn’t sponsored, I just LOVE them so much!) The material is substantial, so there’s no risk of show-through (plus, it sucks you in and hides everything you want to be hidden, if you know what I mean! :-P) Whenever I need motivation to work out, I pull on this crop top (c/o) and it’s so darn cute, I can’t not get excited about it! The cropped quality always really helps in hot yoga, too–the less material–the better! I also opted for these high waisted leggings (c/o) which I love because they have a hidden pocket for my credit card, ID, and key! The fabric that they use on all of their items is four way stretch, and it does a great job of wicking away sweat! Both items run pretty true to size as well!  Tri Tone Leggings Athena Crop Hunter Green Leggings Slashback Crop Trail Jacket Freestyle Bra Dove Grey Leggings Venus Crop Bra Post-workout wrap sweater Filed Under: Advice, Lifestyle, Outfits, Style  
Britney Crawley says  July 26, 2017 at 9:51 am Love your athletic wear! I’m not a big work out at home person either. I’m down for some yoga stretching, but that usually only lasts for 20 minutes and it’s not really “working out.” Before I got married Shaun T’s Insanity was really popular, and using that was one of my better stints of working out at home.  Otherwise, I’d rather go outside and walk with a friend or go to a class. 
Joules says  July 26, 2017 at 9:56 am I really love the colorblock leggings at Outdoor Voices, which I’d never heard of before. Thanks for the reco! Style by Joules 
Caitlin Edwards says  July 26, 2017 at 10:51 am I love that outfit! It’s super cute! 
Katie says  July 27, 2017 at 10:44 am I love BBG too!  I’ve been stalking Outdoor Voice leggings for a while, but the colors make me nervous that I would sweat right through.  Do you wear it for BBG (aka, the sweatiest workout) and if so, how do the leggings do with the sweat?  Everything claims to be so good at wicking, but I just moved to Texas this summer and the sweat struggle is real!  Lol 
Xenia says  July 12, 2018 at 8:25 am Perfect combination for yoga and home workouts! Like the blush crop top teamed with blue leggings. By the way I made a post on my favorite crop tops to try this Summer 2018, check my favorite styles right now, over here: http://standoutlook.com/will-crop-tops-be-still-popular-next-summer-2018/ Hope you gonna like the following combos that I gathered in one post.
Kisses and Hugs,
Xenia Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Light Blue Jeans, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, Grey Coats, Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 8, 2016    Pink Ruffle Sweater: Topshop at Nordstrom–(I found it here in dress form!) also love this grey ruffled version and this black and white striped ruffled version! // Jeans: Henry & Belle (old) but love this pair, and this pair (under $100!)/ Quilted pink handbag: Kate Spade (old and I can’t find anything similar! I’ll keep looking though!) // Booties: c/o indigo rd (also styled here) and similar available here (total steal!) here (total splurge!), and here (another steal!) I also just purchased these in a similar color!  // Earrings: c/o Kendra Scott // Midi Rings: c/o Kendra Scott  (only $70! These would be a great Christmas gift! They also come in rose gold!) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

So how about this sweater weather, guys!? (More like tank top weather!) I hosted a friendsgiving yesterday with my besties/old roommates and their guys and it was unreal to have the doors open with the breeze blowing through the house. (Neal was even wearing shorts with his plaid flannel–haha!) My house is now a complete disaster with the friendsgiving aftermath, but it was totally worth it ;-P If you even knew how many leftovers are in my fridge right now. It’s actually ridiculous. I’m going to be having turkey sandwiches for breakfast lunch and dinner all week. (Not that I’m complaining.) Are you planning any holiday get-togethers soon? It’s pretty funny to be working on so much cold-weather content when it’s 70 degrees outside. As we speak, I’m actually getting ready to ride my bike over to Kelly’s to work on our Winter Guide–fingers crossed, hoping it will be coming out in the next week or so!  While we’re still putting it together, we’d love your feedback! Let us know if there is any particular kind of content that you’d love to see! And moving onto today’s outfit…not that you’re dying to put on a sweater in this heat, but back when I shot this look, it actually WAS sweater weather! This is seriously the prettiest sweater. Blush pink, ruffles, what more could you want? It’s also super soft and I like that it’s not super bulky, either. Have you also seen this grey version, and this black and white striped version? (GIMME ALL THE RUFFLES!!)   I also have been loving so many Kendra Scott pieces lately–like these earrings, which manage to strike the nearly impossible balance of “dainty” and “statement” at the same time. And these gold midi rings? Holy cuteness! Can we also talk about colored booties? In addition to the ones you see here, I also own these and I just got this adorable pair as well (coming to a blog post soon!) Do we think I have a problem? They just make all outfits so much cuter and more interesting.   Okay, I’m off to finish my very long to-do list and then go buy a lot of wine and watch the election craziness unravel. Weird time to be American, no?   
    Photos by Iron + Honey Photography Shop this post:   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Rachel Spross says  November 8, 2016 at 9:46 am I love the ruffled details on your sweater! So adorable. And the color is so pretty! Beautiful look  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/outdoor-voices/ 
Jess says  November 8, 2016 at 10:22 am Thank you so much, Rachel! 
Kelly in the City says  November 8, 2016 at 1:01 pm You’re adorable, Friend! You know I love a good ruffle.  You know what would be great under those booties? Black socks. Some quality black socks. Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Mary Fremeau says  November 8, 2016 at 4:31 pm This ruffle beauty looks so cute on you! I love it! xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Jenn Lake says  November 8, 2016 at 5:15 pm Love that sweater on you! The perfect hue! 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  November 10, 2016 at 12:06 pm So gorgeous! I love that lipstick on you! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Mini Bags, Sundresses, Printed Jumpsuits, Black Chokers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 18, 2018   Hi guys!  In case you are STILL wrapping up your Christmas shopping and you’re seeking some do-good gifts that you can still get in time for Christmas Eve…you’re in luck!  You know Everlane is one of my favorite brands of all time for so many reasons (they make stylish, classic, quality clothes at great prices, they are socially responsible, only partner with ethical factories to make their goods, and have pledged to use only recycled plastic in their entire supply chain by 2021–just to name a few!)  My point: These aren’t JUST stylish, practical gifts that anyone will love to open, they’re gifts you feel great about giving, too! Here are some of my favorites from Everlane that will make amazing gifts! (Order today by midnight to get free 2 day shipping to arrive by Christmas!)   The perfect gift for mom, sister, or best friend–I always rave about Everlane’s Cashmere. It’s very high quality and you can’t beat the price point. If crewnecks aren’t your thing, they have lot’s of other styles, and just about any color you could want! Here I’m wearing the “donegal” color. I love the little specs in it and how it’s a subtle, chicer nod to an Irish sweater! I love pairing it with white jeans (I’m wearing Everlane’s Kick Crop jeans here! Love that they’re an off-white which makes them perfect for winter, too! FYI I think they run a bit big because they stretch out.)  Shop more Cashmere:    This is the first cashmere scarf I’ve ever owned–I did NOT know what I was missing. It’s so warm, and so, so soft. I usually gravitate toward the plaid scarves but I love the chic simplicity of this ribbed number–I’ve worn it several times in the past week! I love the grey on grey look as well, paired with the cashmere sweater!     The most beautiful, yet practical gift for anyone who loves to travel (or is preparing for an upcoming trip–this would be a great gift idea for married couples!) This traveler’s wallet fits your passport, credit cards, has a zipper pouch for change (which is especially necessary since coin currency is so much more common in other countries). It comes in several colors and is great for both women and men!  Shop all colors:     Without a doubt, my #1 highest rated heeled ankle boots. They are minimalistic, they are sleek, chic, go with everything, and are even nice enough to wear to the office! I walked ALL over Portugal in these and got not one blister, and my feet never hurt. I can’t say enough good things about them. They are my obsession and worth every penny. If your mom or sister have been looking for a great pair of everyday booties that are super comfortable, these are the only pair I would recommend. I have them in brown and black!  Shop more colors:      Shop all colors:  I’ve talked about this bag A LOT on the blog over the past several months, because it’s truly the best. The strap is adjustable, so it can be worn as a tote, shoulder bag, or cross-body! It’s a must-have for any busy woman who is on the go. It is great for commuters (fits a laptop and any notebooks/files perfectly while keeping your hands free on the subway) or busy moms (the adjustable length makes it easy to wear as a side-body so your hands are free to chase the kids!) It’s a super stylish bag that will last a really, really long time. Comes in several colors!  Neal’s GIANT gift guide for every man in your life Reader favorites gift guide (the best gifts YOU GUYS have ever received!) This includes some really cool out of the box ideas, as well as lot’s of experience-related gifts as well! Funny gifts for people who definitely aren’t normal, haha!  Gifts for the adventurer (Great for your favorite traveler, camper, hiker, tailgater–basically anyone who loves getting outdoors!) Huge thanks to Everlane, one of my favorite brands of all time, for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 110% my own!   Filed Under: Holiday, Jess' Picks, Outfits, Style  
social sunday says  December 19, 2018 at 12:31 am So this is what happens when a writer does the homework needed to write quality material. Thank you very much for sharing this wonderful content. 
Taylor says  December 19, 2018 at 7:44 am Love all of these options! Everlane is the best!!
Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pumps Shoes, Lace Midi Dresses, Red Blouses, Silver Sandal Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 7, 2018   Sweater: c/o Evereve, (I also loveee this one and this pretty light pink cableknit cardigan that’s longer!) Leggings: SPANX c/o Evereve (similar here, and love this burgundy version!) Tank: Old, but I love this one layered under it too! Booties: Blondo (exact booties sold out, but similar here and here!), Bag: Madewell Transport Zipper Tote  Happy FRIDAY!  Woaaahhh the first full week of December is already gone. Did you have a good week? Neal got home last night from his business trip in time for us to do a little date night–that doesn’t happen that often, so it was the highlight of my week! We went to Twin Anchors–if you live in Chicago or are planning to visit–it’s a legendary Chicago rib spot that was frequented by Sinatra back in the day. It has a really cozy vibe and the food is fantastic! We have a stacked (but very fun) weekend ahead of us that we’re looking forward to full of catching up with friends and hanging out with family!  Anyway, on today’s post ?Today I’m sharing two awesome, cozy sweaters and two fun ways to wear them! Pretty much everything I’m wearing in this post is from Evereve–have you heard of them? They’ve got a couple stores in the Chicago area (but they’re nationwide and also online!) so last week I popped into their Southport store to check it out. If you’re someone who gets overwhelmed shopping in person, their staff is really friendly and will help style you!  This first combination might be one of my favorites–I’ve been really loving how I’ve seen cardigans styled this year–buttoned all the way up the front, rather than left open. I’ve been searching for a cute one to add to my wardrobe and the second my hand brushed this one on the hanger, I was like a moth to a flame ?It’s SO. SOFT. And you know me and soft things. (Do we get more obsessed with soft things as we age? I don’t remember “soft” being one of my main requirements for wardrobe staples at age 22?) I also love the combination of textures it has going on between the ribbing and cableknit details.  Because, it’s me–you know I had to put my Juxtaposition rule into place at least once. (Alright, more than once.) Because this is a “grandpa” style sweater, I wanted to throw in a little bit of femininity and a bit of edge. (I mean, edge for me, which is like–daisies to anyone else, but–ya know.)  I layered a lace camisole underneath (it’s too low to wear with nothing under) and the peek a boo lace makes it a little bit feminine and a little bit sexy while still being casual. My camisole is a couple years old, but I tried it on with this one underneath in the store and loved the effect! Also, I paired it with leather leggings–these ones are new from my favorite brand, Spanx! I love the pebbled texture, and they’re a really dark grey instead of black for a softer effect. I love that they have a light control top, too–because, who doesn’t want that ?       Sweater: c/o Evereve, runs TTS! Skirt: c/o BlankNYC c/o Evereve–runs TTS (this plaid mini would also look SO cute with this outfit, and if you want something dressier for a holiday party, this sequin pencil skirt is adorable!), OTK Boots: Stuart Weitzman (also love Blondo’s if you want a budget friendly version–they’re waterproof!) Earrings: Old, but these and these are similar!  This pom pom crew neck that is perfect for any holiday occasion! Dress it up or dress it down–it’s one you can wear often around the holidays but it’s not so “Christmassy” that you won’t wear it the rest of the winter. It’s a really pretty punchy orangey-red color, and the subtle pom poms (they’re not even like full pom poms–what do we call these?! ?) add so much personality to your outfit!  I snatched this skirt off the hanger so fast you wouldn’t believe–of course, when I looked at the brand, it was my favorite skirt brand–BlankNYC! (They also make my favorite suede jackets!) I really love the fact that it’s black coated denim. You get the look of a leather skirt, but it’s a little more approachable. (And not to mention, BREATHABLE.) It’s one I’ll wear all four seasons! (Maybe this needs to be in my next capsule wardrobe…?) This look is a no-brainer to go with OTK boots, but you could easily pair this look with tights and heels to dress it up for a fancier occasion! Or, pair it with this sequined pencil skirt if you’re really feeling festive! To dress it down, pair it with these awesome jeans (I shared these on Instagram stories and you guys LOVED them!) If you’re looking for some super soft, stretchy, flattering mid-rise skinny jeans with raw hems, I can’t recommend these enough. And they’re $60!      Thanks to Evereve (a new to me retailer I know you’ll love too!) for sponsoring this post. You know opinions are always 110% my own–and thanks so much for always supporting the brands that keep this blog running and allow me to continue creating the best possible content that I can for my best girls–you!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Taylor says  December 7, 2018 at 8:27 am Loving both of these looks! That cream cardigan is so cute and I love it styled with the faux leather leggings! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Andrew Wills says  December 11, 2018 at 3:34 am Hello Admin,
You have provided great information on your blog with good quality content. I would also like to draw your attention towards our website where we have a collection of men/women clothing products like this Yours Clothing Women’s Plus Size Dark Denim Shorts with Butterfly Embroidery
https://plusmill.com/collections/plus-size-skirts/products/yours-clothing-womens-plus-size-dark-denim-shorts-with-butterfly-embroidery Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Flat Sandals, Colored Denim Jeans, Denim Tops, Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 13, 2018   Hi guys! Hello from Dallas! It’s not exactly WARM here, but let me tell you, even 40 degree weather feels like a vacation! ? To get you up to speed, Neal is here for business and I jumped on board to get out of the snow. (We have the Southwest companion pass, so I can fly anywhere with him for free–it’s awesome!) I’m excited to meet up with my high-school friend Ali this week! (Her blog, A Dash of Details, is SO cute, you must follow!) We’re planning to do a double date with her and her husband, Patrick, and bop around doing a couple shoots around the city. (HOORAY! I don’t remember what it feels like to shoot outfits without shivering!) I’ll be styling a lot of the below pieces, actually! Other than that, my plan is to scope out a couple cute coffee shops to work from during the day, and obviously take advantage of plenty of good Tex-Mex food! If you have any reccos for local Dallas spots, I’d love to hear them! Anyway, I purchased a couple transitional/springy items for our Dallas trip, as well as some other essentials I recently got on sale from Abercrombie! (That package sadly arrived yesterday, the day we left, so I couldn’t bring those with me. Bah! Hate when that happens.) Scroll down to see my purchases, in case you’re in the market for some transitional pieces that you can wear now, all the way through Spring!  If you follow along on Instagram stories, you know that I’ve been hunting for some new white jeans for awhile now and I was having the hardest time finding a pair that wasn’t see through! Thanks to your recommendations, I ordered these high-waisted white jeans by Madewell and I couldn’t be happier with them! They’re the perfect thickness (definitely not see through!) and are really flattering. They run TTS! I love wearing white jeans during the winter–swap them for your regular jeans for a totally fresh new look! It  just dawned on my while writing this post that I have gone on a blush shopping spree ? Clearly I am so over winter and starving for some color in my life! This wrap sweater is SO pretty and insanely soft. I think I’m going to wear it for Valentine’s Day, but it’s the perfect transitional sweater for spring since it’s a bit lighter weight than most of my winter sweaters and not bulky! Runs TTS (I ordered an XS). I wore this yesterday on the plane! I felt like the pop of orange is very necessary to “springify” things and to pull me through the rest of winter. I also love that the pattern is feminine with a little boho nod! (It feels very Seventies to me–I’m into it.) Another blush item, haha! I love the feminine details of this button down, with the ruffles on the sleeves and the peplum ruffle hem! The color of the stripes is just so pretty. Runs TTS. This top will look so cute with jeans and booties now, and with jean shorts and sandals later! Weird. Stripes. I KNOW. But this was on major sale at Abercrombie and it just looked so comfortable–it’s another great transitional piece for spring! (Can’t wait to wear it with my white jeans and loafers!) Speaking of comfy, and blush, and transitional–this long-sleeved waffle tee also satisfies my recent blush craving ? Believe it or not, I haven’t actually purchased a pair of sweatpants in several years. I really wanted a pair of nice, cute sweatpants (that didn’t look frumpy) and I think these fit the bill! I like that they’re high-waisted, and they look so comfy! I really love Abercrombie’s racerback bralettes, but I don’t like how I can’t wear them with tops that have a wider neckline because the bra straps show! I just saw they came out with a non racerback version so I snapped one up immediately! (In…blush ?) These run TTS in my experience. Another buy from Madewell that is similar to the striped tee above–this shirt dress buttons up in the front and has a longer hem in the back (making it work-appropriate if you work in a more casual environment!) I plan to wear this with my new bandana (above!) and my red Everlane Day Heels this week, but later, it’ll look just as cute with sandals! Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Alexandra Davis says  February 13, 2018 at 7:32 am Hi Jess! So fun to run into you at Midway yesterday! Be sure to check out Ascension Coffee Shop (at the Crescent Hotel) in Dallas – it’s super cute and the food is delicious. Have a great trjp! 
Meaghan says  February 13, 2018 at 9:08 am Isn’t that Madewell top just the most darling!? Love your picks and hope the trip is wonderful! 
Rachel - Blush on Bluff says  February 13, 2018 at 10:31 am I am over the Chicago winter so this post came at a perfect time! That Madewell top is adorable and I love wearing lightweight sweaters as we transition into spring – so excited to check out the soft faux-wrap sweater. Have a great time in Dallas!
Xxo, Rachel
http://www.blushonbluff.com 
Devinne says  February 14, 2018 at 6:03 pm Ooh nice haul! I want everything except the bandanna…because I already have it! A good friend of mine lives in Texas, and I have to recommend Pecan Lodge for BBQ. Love that place! Meddlesome Moth is also really great for small plates. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Shoe Wedges On Sale, Black Heeled Booties, Black Heels, White Blouses And Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 3, 2016     Sweater: c/o Chicwish (hurry! It’s almost sold out!), Wrap skort: c/o Chicwish (also comes in grey, and I’m also obsessed with this olive green wrap skirt version.) Shoes: Vince Camuto (old), but similar here, these D’Orsay versions are super chic, and also love these lace-up versions, Bag: c/o Vera Bradley  Happy Monday! How was your weekend? Here in Chicago, the rainy weather continued, but luckily it seems to be clearing up! The rainy weather tends to get to me, but at least I get to look forward to wearing my Hunter Boots, right?




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

It was definitely an action-packed weekend! We attended Neal’s High School Reunion (how did we get this old already?) on Saturday night, which was a lot of fun! Saturday during the day I got quite a bit of work done while he and his friends went to the Homecoming football game.  There’s a lot happening behind the scenes–we launched a brand new website for Blogging For Keeps (if you’re a blogger, make sure to join our 7 Day “Double Your Blog Traffic” Challenge!) And as I hinted on Monday, I’m working on my own site re-design as well that I’m hoping to get live early this week! Stay tuned for that! Yesterday afternoon, we rode our bikes to Logan Square and went to Sweet Rice for lunch–it was SO good. If you’re looking for amazing, cheap Thai food–I can’t say enough good things. Their noodle soup bowls are only $3! And their Thai fried rice is a must. I’m having leftovers for lunch today and I’m counting down the minutes until noon. (Is it acceptable to have fried rice for breakfast??) Okay, now, on to today’s outfit! (Side note, I realized the items in this outfit post were going fast, so I switched it to go live sooner than planned, thus the double back-to-back outfit posts on Friday & Monday!)   Remember my favorite new fringe cardigan? My sweater and skirt (skort, actually) are also from ChicWish. They have so many cute things right now and they’re all at really affordable prices. I was in a really girly mood when I picked out these pieces. I’ve always had a really funny relationship with the color pink. I never wore it when I was younger, but then in 8th grade I went through a phase where I literally wanted to be Elle Woods from Legally Blonde and decided that everything I wore needed to be super girly and pink. After that, I was burnt out on the color, deciding it was for little girls. Now, fast forward later in life, it’s become one of my favorite colors again. Often people think it’s just for spring and summer, but who says fall outfits can’t be girly? If you’re like me and scared of feeling too bubblegum barbie–go with softer pink hues like blush, which feel more subdued and sophisticated. Light pink is such a flattering color on everybody! Also, if you don’t own a pair of great nude pumps, I would highly recommend it! I love these t-strap pumps and wear them throughout every season–they go just as great with fall outfits as they do with spring ones. (Plus, they’re close-toed, so you can even wear them in the dead of winter!) Mine you see here are old, but you can see a similar version here, I think these  these D’Orsay versions are super chic, and also love these lace-up versions.        Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Inez says  October 3, 2016 at 10:10 am Your t-strap nude heels are super chic. Love the tie-front skirt too.  Inez
| My
Small World 
Diana Pearl says  October 3, 2016 at 10:34 am I love this whole look — how you mixed the shades of pink, and the heels! The skirt is my absolute favorite though!  x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  October 3, 2016 at 10:40 am Obsessed with that skirt!! 
Jackie-York Avenue says  October 3, 2016 at 10:47 am I think my feelings on the color pink are probably too positive (as anyone who has seen my apartment can probably attest :). Excited to check out the new Blogging For Keeps site. I’ve found it really incredibly helpful, along with your Ask Jess videos. There are tons of blogging tips and advice sites out there but yours has truly been the most helpful and motivating. Keep up the great work! 
Britney says  October 3, 2016 at 10:54 am Super cute! I have so little pink in my wardrobe. I prefer reds, but I have added in more blush over the past few years. Love those pumps too! 
Mary Fremeau says  October 3, 2016 at 8:06 pm This outfit looks so cozy and chic! I love it! I can’t wait to try the Thai food straunt you suggested.  xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Taylor- Lights Camera Catwalk says  October 4, 2016 at 11:34 pm I love this outfit from head to toe! You styled that mini skirt in such a sleek and elegant way.  Xx Taylor
http://lightscameracatwalk.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Off Shoulder Dresses, White Lace Cocktail Dresses, Long Black Gowns, Black Heeled Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 20, 2015   Dress: Kate Spade (old, similar below!) // Jacket: Old, similar below // Booties: Pour La Victoire // Knee socks: Forever 21 // Bracelets: J.Crew and SeeSong designs fishtail bracelet // Ring: Nordstrom Rack (old, similar here) I’m not sure about you, but I’ve been getting very antsy with my closet lately. Despite the fact that it’s still sub zero outside, I’m telling myself that spring is just around the corner, so I’m starting to mix in some spring items for the sake of my own sanity. One of the things I like to do is rotate a spring dress into my arsenal. Styled with the right pieces, it adds just the amount of cheer to brighten your winter day, without being total spring overkill.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
    Pull some of your favorites out of your closet and play around with them. The trick is to just make sure it’s “layerable,” that is, have a silhouette that allows for layers to be added without it looking bulky or frumpy. For example, if this dress flared out at the sides, it would look like I was 10 pounds heavier by wearing this jacket. But if the jacket was cropped, that would look much better! Tighter fitting dresses often work better in this case, OR you can add a belt to create a more defined waistline. One of my favorite ways to sneak in some extra warmth is to add a turtleneck underneath (which you all know by now). Just make sure the neckline allows for you to do so. This dress looked weird with a turtleneck because it has a high V neckline. If you want to layer a turtleneck under, scoop necklines are the most foolproof. So, in this case, since the “under” was out, I went with layering “over” and adding a classic, black leather jacket. (Which you can never go wrong with!) Granted, I still need a heavy coat over it to go outside, but that’s okay. Layers, remember? An easy way to tone down the springy factor in pretty much anything is to pair it with edgier pieces. Here, the leather jacket and booties work together to accomplish this, but it can also work with a punky handbag, or jewelry as well. You don’t get much wear out of those booties when it’s 90 degrees outside! Often times, booties=winter, so wear your flirty floral number with boots now, and then swap them for feminine sandals later.   Shop Spring Dresses:   Big thanks to Kelly for the photos and Nomi for letting us shoot in your beautiful space!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Blouses, Saddle Bags, Long Black Gowns, Rebecca Taylor Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 8, 2014       Dress: Zara (similar), Shoes: Jeffrey Campbell (similar) Sunglasses: Art Effect, Necklace, Rings + Bracelet: RocksBox (c/o), Purse: Neiman Marcus (c/o) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   There’s something unique about the color red, isn’t there? It’s that ability to swipe on hot red lipstick or pull on those red suede stilettos (or in my case, both) to make you feel like you’re walking out the door to take over the world. Because, aren’t you?  I’m the girl who used to put on Mac Lady Danger for every client presentation, even though they were all over the phone. Despite the fact that nobody could see me (I could have been in pajamas for all they knew) but it made all the difference in the world when I had to speak on a 50 person conference call.  It feels silly to say that simply putting on the right clothes is enough to change your attitude and your life, but it’s true. How can I take on life head on in a pair of schleppy sweat pants?  Being an ad girl myself, (I can still call myself that, right?) I remember so vividly the day I saw this campaign on Ad Age. It’s by Always. Entitled, “#LikeAGirl”. The call to action? “Join Us to Champion Girls Confidence.”  Awesome. Which is why when The Radiant Collection from Always & Tampax and Lucky Magazine reached out to me to help advocate confidence for girls everywhere to have confidence in what they wear , I was so on-board!  And even better? The Radiant Collection is sponsoring the Demi Lovato’s World Tour  (love her), and is letting me give away a pair of tickets to her Chicago show. Plus, they’re hosting the Be Radiant Sweepstakes where you could win a VIP experience at her NYC show. Want to win? Here’s all you have to do:  Prize #1 (Chicago): Win 2 tickets to Demi Lovato’s concert at the United Center on October 14th! Simply enter by commenting below, or on Instagram, using the hashtag #BeRadiant. Giveaway is today only, so enter quick!  Prize #2: You can enter the Be Radiant Sweepstakes now through Oct. 10, 2014 for a chance to win a VIP experience to attend Demi’s Oct 27th Brooklyn show in style. One lucky winner will receive: a two-night trip to New York for the winner and three friends, limo service, four front-row concert tickets, a meet-and-greet with Demi, and fabulous product from the Radiant Collection. Learn how to enter here!  Filed Under: Style  
Jesi says  November 30, -0001 at 12:00 am Need these shoes!!  
Courtney Wilson says  October 8, 2014 at 1:55 pm I LOVE THOSE SHOES!  I want to buy them!  I love Demi Lovato too—so excited for her concert!!! 
Jess Zimlich says  October 8, 2014 at 2:05 pm You are seriously the cutest! A good workout and taking time to actually do my hair usually make me feel like a million bucks  
Lauren Nolan says  October 8, 2014 at 2:26 pm When I go to yoga and they ask what your intention is or why you came, I always repeat to myself "To be a strong and confident woman." It’s so cheesy, but it always makes me feel strong and confident when I leave!PS. This post is the cutest – love love love the stripes and red combo!!! xoxo 
Laurie says  October 8, 2014 at 2:53 pm OMG! We can totally geek out over Demi together. I’l be there! Also: 1) Lady Danger is a perfect color for you. 2) THOSE shoes3) Your adorable smile – seriously contagious! 
Mary says  October 8, 2014 at 3:07 pm Love the look and shoes! Side note – I love Demi and her tattoos  
Emily Charron says  October 8, 2014 at 3:21 pm You look SO adorable, and what an amazing giveaway! Also, Demi in concert?! I’d be so, so down. xo 
Jesi says  October 9, 2014 at 12:25 am Need these shoes!!  
Sam Handel says  October 9, 2014 at 1:47 am Demi Lovato!  I love the dress. And the view!! 
Alysha says  October 9, 2014 at 3:01 am Such an amazing campaign and message, and I must say the perfect sponsor for Demi Lovato’s tour, #BeRadiant 
Hollyn Baron says  October 9, 2014 at 7:54 pm These pictures are too too cute! Love the classic look!xoHollyn http://psimfromthemidwest.blogspot.com/ 
jess keys says  October 17, 2014 at 1:56 pm Aw thank you, Hollyn! 
Pearl - Pretty Mayhem says  October 11, 2014 at 11:17 am Those shoes are stunning! Gosh I love Jeffrey Campbell. I also love how you’ve matched your lippy with the shoes, such a chic timeless look! 
jess keys says  October 17, 2014 at 1:56 pm Thanks, Pearl! I’m a sucker for red shoes and red lipstick  
Katie says  October 12, 2014 at 10:33 pm I love this outfit! So classic and chic (and the red shoes are killer!!!!) xoxo, Katierosyandpolished.blogspot.com 
jess keys says  October 17, 2014 at 1:53 pm Thanks Katie! 
Blair The Fox & She says  October 13, 2014 at 7:46 pm amazing dress and shoes! for me, heels & skinny jeans always make me feel pretty damn awesome  
Blair The Fox & She says  October 13, 2014 at 7:46 pm amazing dress and shoes! for me, heels & skinny jeans always make me feel pretty damn awesome  
Blair The Fox & She says  October 13, 2014 at 7:46 pm amazing dress and shoes! for me, heels & skinny jeans always make me feel pretty damn awesome  […] Swoon. {Err…Sorry, Doug.} :: In other musical news, Maya & I won tickets to the Demi Lovato concert next week and I can’t wait. {Am I a tween? Yes, indeed. No shame.} Thanks, Jess! :: This […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Booties Heels, Ivory Wedding Dresses, Blue Platform Shoes, Black And White Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 6, 2019  Hii guys!  So I was perusing the internet last night, doing my usual stalking, when I came across LOFT’s website. (I think I got an email about their 40% off sale). Now, I’m not usually a big LOFT shopper. I think most of their stuff is great for work but obviously I don’t work in a traditional work environment so I don’t really need any of that stuff. I also feel like I’ve happened to come across their selection at times where I didn’t see anything I liked–very hit or miss–so this particular retailer is not usually top of mind for me.  BUT as I was perusing, to my surprise, I loved SO MANY THINGS. I went on stories and asked, “GUYS. Should I be shopping at LOFT more?! Have I been living under a rock!?” 72% of you said YES–and many of you who said no said you would still be interested in seeing my picks ?So…here we are! SO many of you raved about their selection of items that are perfect for the office, yet cute enough to wear outside of work. It’s also fantastic that they sell both petite and plus sizes, and that their items are on-trend but not trendy, so you don’t feel like they go out of style.  I heard a lot of mixed things about quality, especially in regards to pants–saying they bag out. Bummer! But I have heard good things from you about their Ponte Pants, so I think it’s kind of a trial and error sort of thing and may depend on the style.  I heard a lot of feedback saying their stuff doesn’t hold up in the wash, BUT–big tip–I think a big part of this probably has to do with how you’re washing your clothes. I agree that it’s not say, Everlane quality, but we all know that already! The stuff I have bought from LOFT isn’t any lower quality than say, Topshop or Zara–so I think this has more to do with proper care vs. quality.  Blouses, sweaters, and dainty dresses should be always be hand washed in cold or warm water (It’s really easy to do in the sink–just let them soak–or throw them all in the bathub ?) Or, if you’re short on time, you can also wash them on the most gentle cycle possible, in a lingerie bag. Then, hang them or lay them flat to dry on a towel. Also, just wash things as little as possible–not after every wear. Washing them wears them out and ruins them, so only wash your stuff if it’s truly dirty. This should help your clothes (LOFT or not) last longer! Read my laundry post on how to stop ruining all your clothes right here!  Okay, that all being said, here are some really cute picks that I LOVED from LOFT’s new arrivals! They are all super versatile, you can wear them for work or outside of work, now and well into spring! Plus, tops and sweaters are all 40% off! I’m curious to know what you think–which of these items would you like to see me style?   Striped Cardigan:  This might be my favorite thing on the whole list. I don’t have a lot of button-front cardigans and I’ve been looking to add more to my wardrobe. They’re cute layered, they’re cute all by themselves buttoned up! I absolutely love this one. You can wear it with jeans or wear it with work pants to the office! 40% off!  The Perfect LBD:  Every so often, I stumble upon a universally flattering dress on tons of different shapes and sizes that is perfect for all occasions (in and outside of the office) and seasons. This dress is one of them! It’s so cute, and you can layer a collared shirt or turtleneck under it right now for colder months! (See how to do that in this post!) Chambray bow blouse:  I am a sucker for a good bow top, and like pretty much everything at LOFT, it’s perfect for work, but something you’ll wear a ton outside of work too.  I love that it’s a light chambray–which mixes up the texture! Wear it with: a skirt or ponte pants for the office, a pair of white jeans and a trench coat for a springy weekend look, or a skirt and OTK boots! Springy sweater #1:  LOFT has a lot of really adorable sweaters right now that are perfect for spring. (I.E. You can wear them now because it’s still cold, but you can FEEL like you’re out of your winter wardrobe slump!) I particularly love this one for it’s pretty intricate details–comes in more colors, too! 40% off!  Travel wrap:  I always advocate traveling with a wrap! They come in so handy on airplanes, trains, you can ball them up and use them as a pillow, they make a casual outfit look more polished–it’s hard to beat this price! 30% off!  Striped Midi Dress:  Midi dresses are SO wonderful–you never have to worry about flashing someone when you bend over, a gust of wind coming up at an inopportune moment–you get the picture. This one is casual, but so easy to dress up. Wear it now with booties (tights optional) and wear it later with your favorite heels, flats, or classic sneakers! There are infinite ways you can wear this one. Leopard skirt:  I will say this about LOFT mini skirts–I very much appreciate that they are short enough to not look frumpy, but just long enough to get away with wearing them to places like the office, lunch with grandma, etc. Those are hard to find! This is one of them. I fell in LOVE with the leopard print, and while yes, it’s a little louder than a typical “statement” piece–but that doesn’t mean it’s not super versatile. Wear it outside of work with OTK boots, your favorite heels, and a moto jacket! Striped turtleneck:  I couldn’t NOT include the on-sale striped turtleneck–because who couldn’t use another one in their reserves? I love how this one is ribbed, so it’s a little different than a turtleneck t-shirt! 40% off!  Easy peplum blouse:  This blouse looks like it could be from Sezane or Anthropologie–I absolutely love how beautiful and feminine it is! Definitely something you’ll wear throughout the spring and summer, but you can totally wear it now with a leather or suede jacket thrown over the top, and your favorite neutral booties! 40% off!  Little red skirt:  I MEAN? I want this red skirt immediately so I can wear it with sweet ballet flats and feel like Madeline. Or something. It’s a statement while being classic and preppy at the same time. It will look LOVELY with a trench coat for spring! Tweed shift dress:  Another amazing work dress that looks 600x more expensive than it is. I’ve been really into tweed lately. And by lately, I mean I haven’t really purchased anything tweed yet, but yesterday I decided that I really wanted to. ?This is the perfect piece for now and later. Get some inspiration in this post “How to wear a shift dress” for how to wear it tons of ways! Tweed mini:  Ah, the tweed parade continues. Again, the perfect skirt length–not too short, not too long–if you’re going for a classic/preppy Parisian look–you’ll be all about this skirt. I am itching to wear it with my cap toe pumps!  Springy sweater #2:  Similar to the sweater above, but a little bit different! I love it in white–it’s a staple you’ll wear over and over again through spring, and for years to come. Another versatile piece that you can wear for work and with jeans, shorts, skirts, etc! 40% off!  Reversible sweater coatigan:  I am in love with this easy sweater coat! First of all, it’s reversible, and second, you can wear it with literally everything. Keep it on the back of your chair at work, wear it when you travel, wear it to brunch with leggings and sneakers, wear it to yoga–whatever! It instantly polishes up your outfit, and is way more chic than a sweatshirt! 40% off!  Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style  
Ml says  February 6, 2019 at 10:05 am Love, love, love that you have a LOFT post! Would enjoy seeing more! 
Karly says  February 6, 2019 at 10:09 am I think you hit all the high (and low!) points about Loft. BUT that said, they have been hitting it out of the park lately with their new arrivals! I love that striped midi dress and reversible coatigan – both look like great transitional pieces that can be worn a number of ways. Thanks for sharing your picks! 
Alison says  February 6, 2019 at 10:10 am Yeeeesss, Loft has the best skirts for the office! Not kidding, I own at least six. Long enough, but not frumpy at all. And always on sale! 
Caitlin says  February 6, 2019 at 10:52 am Thanks for sharing! Loft is definitely great for work clothes! I have some stuff from there, thats held up for years! But I’m also in the “dont wash your clothes until they are dirty” boat so that helps. http://www.themilestraveled.com 
Olga says  February 6, 2019 at 2:26 pm LOFT is definitely hit or miss, but I love shopping there! They have a great petite section which helps! Olga
http://www.littlethingsolga.com 
Kristina says  February 6, 2019 at 5:28 pm I’m a huge LOFT shopper but I think their new releases tend to be hit or miss – sometimes they come out with a new collection where I love everything, and then sometimes they get too into a theme or print that just isn’t cute and I won’t shop there for months. They’re usually great at cute little dresses and pretty tops for summer though!  Kristina does the Internets 
Kennedy says  February 7, 2019 at 8:26 am Watch out for their riviera pants in the next few weeks! SUPER flattering and great for both work and outside of work. They usually come in many fun patterns and colors and they’re the perfect crop. I love my red and my gingham rivieras from last season! 
Tahrer says  February 8, 2019 at 2:58 pm The Chambray bow blouse and the peplum blouse look sooo cute! and don’t forget they carry lou and grey items!!! 
Katie says  February 12, 2019 at 11:44 am I used to work at LOFT in college and it was such a fun job! I live in FL, have never worked in a fancy office and I shop there ALL of the time! I do feel like 75% of their clothes are fancy/dressy but the other 25% are perfect pieces for weekend looks! It’s sometimes hit or miss, especially when I don’t shop tons during winter but I always love their dresses, shorts, delicate tops and rompers! I always share with my readers about LOFT bc I love it so much and have even convinced people to shop there, especially if your petite! Keep on the lookout in the summer/spring. I have a feeling you will like tons of their pieces! As far as quality goes, I don’t like their t-shirts and some of their sleeveless tops are made from cheap material but other than that, all my clothes last so long from there. I also agree. DONT DRY anything worth value. I hang all my nicer clothes and to me they look brand new!  Katie | http://www.sunshinestyleblog.com 
Jess says  February 16, 2019 at 8:52 am I love the style of clothes Loft has but I agree with those who say that they don’t hold up well. I always follow washing and drying directions on all of my clothes and the pieces from Loft are the only ones that consistently shrink to the point of being unwearable.  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Long Sleeve Maxi Dresses, Sleeveless Dresses, Gold Pumps Shoes, Black Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 5, 2015     Been wanting to try out the trainers and jeans trend you’ve been seeing everywhere lately, but just not sure what shoes are right for it? I’ve pulled together some of my very favorite tennies that will look just as perfect with your jeans (boyfriend jeans, especially!), or even a skirt, as they will with your yoga pants and LuluLemon zip-ups. LOVE me some versatility.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I recently bought this pair  and I’ve been living in them. I can’t get enough, I think it’s kind of a problem! Want to get the look for yourself? Shop my top picks below:   top image via Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Rompers, Frayed Shorts, White One Piece Swimsuit, Off Shoulder Black Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 3, 2015   Dress: c/o Lilly Pulitzer // Bag: Vera Bradley (borrowed from Kelly!) // Shoes: Old, but similar here // Necklaces: Helen Ficalora and Dogeared // Bracelets: J.Crew and Busywrist A couple weeks back, I got an email with some exciting news I couldn’t wait to share: Lilly Pulitzer is finally coming to the Chicago area! The brand new shop is located in Oakbrook. (Which is also very close to the Aurora outlets–a perfect day of shopping!) I fell in love with pretty much all of their new arrivals, and went with this dress as I’ve got quite a few wedding festivities coming up that I knew this would be perfect for! I haven’t been much of a pink person aside from a phase I went through Freshman year of high school where I wanted to be Elle Woods. (True story, ask my mom.) But there was something about this dress I fell in love with (probably the feminine bow detailing!)




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

        In other news–we’re finally done moving! The majority of our boxes are unpacked, and we have accomplished a LOT in only two days! The only hiccup was that we got locked out of our apartment on Friday night (seriously, we’d been in the unit maybe 2 hours tops). But we quickly made friends with our neighbors, and the locksmith bill was better than expected (I’ve heard some horror stories!) We’re planning to have a little dinner date this week to celebrate–ideally somewhere with a patio, and also a perfect excuse to wear this dress again, don’t you think? Also, if you’re in the Chicago area and want to stop by their grand opening party, check out the info below! (There’s lot’s of awesome prizes for earlybirds, too!)    
 Have a great Monday everyone! And welcome to Chicago, Lilly! Shop this post:    Photos by Kelly Larkin Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Rachel says  August 3, 2015 at 8:22 am This dress is adorable! 
Jess says  August 3, 2015 at 9:52 pm Thank you so much, Rachel!! 
Kristina Anderson says  August 3, 2015 at 8:53 am That dress is adorable, I love the bow detail! Kristina does the Internets 
Jess says  August 3, 2015 at 9:51 pm Thanks Kristina! That’s my favorite part too  
Jess Zimlich says  August 3, 2015 at 9:02 am Yay for being all moved in!! I hope IKEA treated you nicely. I had quite the experience here in KC on a Sunday afternoon once lol. You guys definitely deserve a celebratory dinner on the patio  26 and Not Counting 
Jess says  August 3, 2015 at 9:51 pm Hahah all things considered, IKEA went okay! (Shockingly!) 
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  August 3, 2015 at 9:34 am How cute! I’m personally so excited for Lilly in the Chicago area  xo, Laura
brightandbeautifulblog.com 
Jess says  August 3, 2015 at 9:51 pm Right!? They have the cutest stuff right now! 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  August 3, 2015 at 12:03 pm I wish they would come to Omaha! You look beautiful! Her Heartland Soul
http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Jess says  August 3, 2015 at 9:51 pm One day, one day! Thanks Erin  
Hunter B says  August 3, 2015 at 12:30 pm Congrats on moving in! And this dress is so adorable!
Always, Hunter 
Jess says  August 3, 2015 at 9:51 pm Thanks so much Hunter!  
Stacy says  August 3, 2015 at 1:29 pm Wooho to the new apartment! Super cute dress too! 
Jess says  August 3, 2015 at 9:50 pm Thanks so much, Stacy!! 
for seven seasons says  August 6, 2015 at 2:23 pm Oh this dress is amazing! I love the bright pink colour and the bows are adorable! And congrats on the move! https://forsevenseasons.wordpress.com 
Jess says  August 20, 2015 at 10:55 am Thanks so much lady! I love the color too, it’s so bright and cheery! And more apartment updates coming soon!  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Blouses, Denim Capris, Flat Silver Shoes, Red Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 12, 2016     Striped shirt, pocket scarf (under $100! This would make the best gift! There’s also a matching beanie!) shoes, and purse from Kate Spade on Oak Street // Levi’s 721 Black Skinny Jeans (also love this J.Brand version!) // MAC matte lipstick in “Diva”  // Hair curled with Beachwaver curling iron  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 There are so many areas of Chicago that really come alive this time of year! One of my all-time favorite places is Oak Street in the Gold Coast. It’s a street near and dear to my heart–I used to live just a few blocks away, not to mention, I got engaged one street over! Oak Street is one of the most well-known shopping streets in the city–it has the cream of the crop of luxury shops, but also lot’s of great everyday brands, restaurants, and salons, too! They’ve got something for everybody, and this time of year, it’s extra magical! Window shopping on and around Oak Street with a cup of hot cocoa is a winter activity that really can’t be beat! Here are some of my favorite spots to shop, eat, and stay on and around Oak Street! I hadn’t been into Kate Spade in ages, as I’ve moved further and further west as the years have gone on! They have so many adorable winter items–one of my favorites being this black and white striped scarf with POCKETS! (YASSS.) You know me–I can never get enough stripes, so layering it over a striped tee was really a no-brainer. I love how thick and structured this version is, which makes it the perfect tee for winter! Also, can we talk about these shoes!? I squealed a little when I saw them on the shelf! They’re the perfect holiday shoe and they make any outfit so much fun. (Even, ahem, a t-shirt and jeans.) Vince makes the most magical sweaters, so popping in here (especially in the cold!) is always a no-brainer. They have a lot of great classic staples that are amazing quality. A store I can never resist popping into whenever I pass by! This summer they also added a monograming station. They do it on the spot, which is so much fun to watch! (This is also where I got my favorite ever Transport tote, which you can see styled here!) Perusing Barney’s and ending at the top floor at their restaurant, Fred’s, is always such a fun weekend activity. Stop in for lunch, dinner, or a cocktail. The vibe is very fun and swanky–it makes me feel like a fancy lady who lunches ;-P One of my favorite restaurants in Chicago! Neal and I went on an impromptu date here when we first started dating and I have the best memories of our experience here. It’s Vietnamese-French fusion and is so delicious. The vibe is dark and romantic–I can’t think of a better date spot. (P.S. speaking of dates–here are 36 questions to ask on your next one.) I love love the Public Hotel. If you’re visiting Chicago, you must stay here! It’s right in the heart of the Gold Coast and they have the most beautiful hotel rooms, the most gorgeous lobby, and their bar/restaurant, the Pump Room, is one of my all time favorites! (My best friend, Courtney, also got engaged there!) — In other news, I leave for Oregon tomorrow! I can’t wait to meet my new niece, Ashlynn! (If you missed the news, I spilled the beans about becoming an aunt again in Friday’s post!) I should probably start packing now, hm? (If you also have to pack to head home for the holidays, you’ll want to see my tips for packing in a carry-on here!) (You guys, she’s the first baby in our family to LOOK LIKE US! My nephews looked so much like their dad when they were born, and it’s so sweet that she looks so much like her mama and our whole side of the family this time!) Looks like we’re in for some crazy weather though, so fingers crossed that I make it home on time to see her tomorrow night. Send good travel vibes!     Thank you to Oak Street Council for partnering on this post! Photos by Iron & Honey  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Monica {Cake & Lilies} says  December 12, 2016 at 7:09 am You’re making me want to come back to Chicago, stat!! Have fun on your trip  
Britney says  December 12, 2016 at 7:42 am You are crushing it with the outfit posts, lady!  Love this look- that scarf looks so cozy and I love the hand pockets, and those shoes are so fun! 
Rachel Spross says  December 12, 2016 at 8:08 am I love that striped scarf! It looks so warm and cozy  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/comfy-chic/ 
Jenn Lake says  December 12, 2016 at 8:47 am Such a cute look, and I couldn’t agree more about Le Colonial! 
Erin says  December 12, 2016 at 9:40 am I feel like this outfit is one of those ways to prove all those who say black and white are boring wrong. ;p Also have fun on your trip. That’s so exciting that you have a niece now!  -E  amie-eo.blogspot.com 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  December 12, 2016 at 10:01 am Love the double stripes!! 
Sara Mendoza says  December 12, 2016 at 10:18 am Congrats on your niece!  How was Hamilton?  My mom bought tickests for our Christmas gift and I’m going on the 28th, cannot wait!  Safe Travels home and I’m buying the scarf, love! 
Kelly in the City says  December 12, 2016 at 1:10 pm You’re stunning, Jess! LOVE this scarf on you! I’m gonna miss you WAHHHHHH That is all. xx
Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Maya McDonald says  December 13, 2016 at 9:08 pm Oh my gosh, how cute are you? I LOVE those shoes too! xx Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Gowns, Grey Leggings, White Long Sleeve Tees, Black Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 26, 2015   Bag: Vera Bradley (c/o) (a new edition to their awesome leather collection!) // Button down: Ralph Lauren // Leggings: American Apparel  // Shoes: Piperlime (Similar) (PS Piperlime has some awesome sale stuff right now) // Coat: BB Dakota (borrowed from my roommate) (similar) Today’s special: style with a side of comedic relief–I present to you, a very wind-filled outfit post. I was trying to go for “streets of Paris” but ended up being more “hurricane chic.” (Scroll down, you’ll see what I mean.) #Fail  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I recently made a trip to the outlet malls near Neal’s family’s lake house and found myself a great deal on this white button down. I’ve been wanting a crisp, white, oversized oxford for awhile now, but it was a bit of a goldie locks situation. The women’s shirts were too slim fitting (not the oversized boyfriend look I was going for), then the mens’ were just, well, expensive. But the little boy’s version? Justttt right! I landed myself a size 20 little boy’s oxford for the whopping price of $25. And I’ve been wearing it nonstop ever since. I decided to pair it with (what else?) leather leggings, because I really don’t wear those often enough. (Sarcasm.) I wasn’t feeling preppy that day and those were just the right tool to tone down the prep of the shirt. I also borrowed my roommate Kate’s awesome plaid coat from BB Dakota (which now that I think about it, I totally didn’t ask before borrowing. Sorry, Kate!!) I guess there are worse things I could have worn in the windy city that day. But perhaps I should invest in a nice 80’s windbreaker? Thoughts?        Shop this post:   Photos by Kelly Larkin Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Off Shoulder Black Dresses, Black Booties Heels, Navy Leggings, Colored Denim Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 13, 2018   Floral top: LOFT–they have so many cute springy tops right now! I can’t wait to pair this with my new denim skirt. I also love this one, this one, and this one! This material/pattern also comes in a dress! White jeans: Madewell (I FINALLY FOUND AMAZING NON SEE THROUGH WHITE JEANS! HUZZAH! Run TTS!) Boots: Steve Madden Bag: Madewell (their chain leather cross-body is also similar, as is their simple leather blush cross-body, and also obsessed with their little circle bags and if you’re looking for a new tote, their Transport Totes are my absolute favorite!) Coat: Ann Taylor (old, but Nordstrom has a BUNCH that are now on sale!) Sunnies: Ray Ban Earrings: Amazon (SO CHEAP! And so cute! You must get them!)  Anddd we’re back with our “how to wear spring clothes when it’s still SO. FREAKING. COLD. outside” theme. Is it just me or is this theme getting old? ? I’m really holding out for wearing SPRING clothes in SPRING weather. That’s probably too much to ask in March though, let’s be honest ? Neal and I snapped these photos (he hasn’t had to play photographer in a LONGGG time!) when we were out and about downtown this weekend! He had to run some errands and I tagged along with him before we met up with various groups of friends the rest of the afternoon. We also stopped by one of his favorite custom suit shops–ESQ (he got his wedding suit there!) and he picked up the cutestttt trench coat! (For those wondering, his other fave is BLVDier!) I always love shopping with him–he’s more stylish than I am ? Because it LOOKED really nice outside, I wanted to wear something pretty and fresh (I can’t look at another black sweater right now!) I just picked up this adorable springy top at LOFT and was dying to wear it despite how cold it was outside–and I think I found a pretty good happy medium of “warm” and “springy” I think the trick here is the pair of OTK boots–I originally had on tan booties with it, and looked full blown summery–but the OTK boots in the lighter color (you can still get them on Amazon!) were the perfect balance because only a little bit of my white jeans is showing! Also, if you missed it, I first wore these white jeans over in this post and gushed about how great they are. It took me quite awhile to find a pair of high-rise white jeans that were super flattering and not see through! (How do all these see through jeans get made? Does nobody try them on and see how awful they are? Where is the quality control? This is something I will never understand.) Regardless, this pair by Madewell is SO great. So comfy, so flattering, so NOT see through–two thumbs up! Hooray!         Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  March 13, 2018 at 9:36 am I think you nailed the Sring but warm asthmatic. I love that top – and the price is wonderful. Lift.com here I come! xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Bright December says  March 13, 2018 at 5:43 pm The top is so cute! https://brightdecember.blogspot.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Slipper Flats, Embroidered, Tan Pumps, Black Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 11, 2018   Hello hello! I’m publishing THURSDAY’s post a little early today because I know a lot of you guys are taking advantage of the Shopbop sale and I wanted to get this live ASAP before everything sold out!! As always, with Shopbop, the more you buy, the more you save. To get the best savings, go in together with your friends so you can take advantage of the maximum discounts! When: April 10th, 2018 – April 14th, 2018 What: 20% Off Orders Under $500, 25% Off Orders of $500 or More Use Code: EVENT18 at checkout I went over to Blair’s this afternoon and played with Owen and got a little work done! She helped me shoot a few of my favorite items that are on sale while he was bouncing around in his little saucer. (So, if you’re wondering why I’m in a strange house that isn’t mine, that’s why! It’s Blairs! Her place is so pretty! ?) Because I blog full time and work from home, 9 times out of 10 I’m holed up in my bedroom or kitchen all day everyday–especially during the winter months–but this afternoon was a REALLY good reminder that getting together to work with friends is so necessary sometimes! Being a blogger can be really lonely because you’re a one woman show–Blair, Kelly and Shaheen are basically my co-workers, so I made a mental note to remember to “co-work” more often! (Tomorrow we’re all doing a girls dinner so I can’t wait for that, too!) Anyway, I haven’t been this excited about new clothes in a AWHILE, so, I hope you’re ready to see some cute new spring wardrobe staples and learn how to style them. Ready? Leggo!    I don’t remember the last time I loved a jacket so much. Probably when I got my first leather coat in Italy. (Side note, I’m already contemplating what new leather jacket I want to buy when we go back to Florence! EEEEK! Would love your opinions!) I absolutely ADORE the color of this jacket. It’s the prettiest color of blue I’ve ever seen. It’s almost like a bright cornflower–is that possible? It adds a pop of color that isn’t too overpowering, so even neutral lovers can get behind it. I also love the moto elements which are the ideal contrast to the feminine color. It looks great with white pants, jeans, shorts, dresses, skirts–there are few outfits this won’t add a wonderful touch to. It is a match made in heaven for this girly floral dress, which brings us to… Sizing: Go up one size! P.S. I also bought this adorable orange floral dress awhile back but didn’t photograph it today because it was sold out last time I checked, but now it’s back in stock!! Shop more floral dresses:     If you’ve been looking for the perfect dress to wear to a shower, graduation, bachelorette party, rehearsal dinner–wherever–this dress is ideal for that, but isn’t too formal that it can’t be worn for a date night, or even a day exploring the city! It looks darling with espadrille wedges, can be dressed up further with a nice pair of barely there nude heels, and on the flipside, completely dressed down with a jean jacket and white sneakers! With the discount, it’s under $80! Think of what a cheap price per wear that comes out to!? Sizing: TTS I get so many compliments on this sweet little bar necklace (that I’m wearing above) whenever I wear it! My best friend Courtney gave it to me as a bridesmaid gift (talk about generous!) I hardly ever see Dana Rebecca on sale so if you’ve been wanting a dainty necklace for yourself or to give as a gift (it would be so perfect for Mothers Day) definitely take advantage of the sale! BTW the “J” necklace is by local designer, Vo Jewelry. It’s only $40! (Not real gold though so don’t wear it in the shower.)  You saw these sandals styled in Monday’s post, but they go with pretty much everything–jeans and a tee, a dress, skirt–whatever! They’re a polished sandal that can be dressed up far easier than your average pair, and that’s what I love about them! Sizing: TTS  I absolutely ADORE this little easy breezy dress. It’s perfect for a beach vacation (I got it specifically with Italy in mind!) It’s made with a linen blend so it’s super lightweight and it’s also lined so there’s no show-through! (The lining ends a few inches above where the top layer ends, so that’s why you see some show through in the photo above, just FYI!) It looks SO cute with espadrilles but would also be perfect for a day of exploring with some flat sandals or sneakers! If you want to make it shorter, just cinch a belt around and pull some of the fabric up over the top! Voila! Date night ready! Splendid is one of my favorite brands for clothing (as well as shoes, see below!) and they are famous for their ultra soft, comfortable basics. I’m rounding up more favorites below! Sizing: This brand runs big, size down. Shop more Splendid:   You KNOW these Soludos are coming with me to Mexico next week for my girls trip! These heels are so, so comfortable and they are an absolute staple in the summer! They add such an effortless, summery touch to any outfit and I love the fact that they wrap around the ankle! Soludos is an iconic espadrilles brand and ALL their styles are part of the sale–so whether you’re looking for heels, sandals, or flats–definitely peruse their selection–which you can find right here. FYI my pair is selling out REALLY fast but they also make the same pair in metallic, which is super cute too! Sizing: TTS  These woven slides are going to be my airplane shoes for spring and summer–calling it right now! They’re so comfy and the woven detail looks designer for only $88 with the discount! They also have a very subtle scalloped edge which makes them that much more adorable! They look great with jeans and dresses alike (how cute are they with the Splendid dress? Told you it was versatile ?) and like I said, are perfect for travel to kick off at TSA! Also come in other colors–brown and blue! Sizing: TTS  Okay, I’m going to go out on a limb here and say I was REALLY expecting these sandals to be super uncomfortable. I feel like so many of this shape are (the slide sandals–so many times they KILL my feet!) but these, true to Splendid fashion, are not. Splendid is seriously the most comfortable shoe brand ever and these really did not disappoint! They are so cute for summer and I can’t wait to break them out in Mexico! (Shop all Splendid shoes right here!) They’re the #1 brand I recommend for those looking for comfortable shoes that they can travel in! Shop more Splendid shoes:     Last but certainly not least–my favorite jeans–the Levi’s Wedgie Jeans! They make a TON of different pairs of different washes and colors, but these ones are the Wedgie Straight. They are seriously the most flattering jeans and they make every outfit way more interesting than your average basic skinny jeans! They are RARELY ever on sale so if you’ve been wavering, snap them up before they’re gone! The wedgie icon is very similar but the leg is a bit more tapered, so go for that version if you prefer to have a slimmer leg! You can shop ALL Levi’s Wedgie jeans (and shorts!) right here. Sizing (note, I can only speak for wedgie straight): Run small, size up if you’re in between or if you want a looser fit. (The one’s I’m wearing here are a size 26 because I bought them a year ago–they were tight then–and now I’m a size 25–so they’re a bit looser–just for reference!) P.S. How cute do they look with the woven slides?! Shop more wedgie jeans:    SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Dress Pumps, Green Coats, Black Bralettes, Short White Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 25, 2016   One of my very favorite items in my closet is my camo jacket. When the temperatures start to drop, it’s one of the layers I grab most often. It looks great with dresses, jeans, and pretty much everything in between. I love pairing it with a pattern–especially soft florals or stripes–to add a twist of “tomboy” to a feminine outfit. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Do you own one yet? You should! I promise, you won’t be sorry. While I love the camo print, I don’t discriminate against any military jacket! If you’re not into prints, you can find them in multiple solid hues that are just as versatile, like this one that comes in grey, khaki, light olive and dark green!   If you’re in the market, I’ve rounded up some of my very favorites below!                                              Filed Under: Outfits, Shop, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  August 25, 2016 at 10:04 am I adore these jackets! 
Natalie Was Here says  August 25, 2016 at 12:52 pm My sister stole my camo jacket and I’m still not over it. Love these picks! Natalie Was Here 
Britney says  August 25, 2016 at 1:16 pm Love this! I picked up a dark green jacket from JCrew Factory for only $40 at the end of spring! I’m so excited to get a lot of use out of it this fall. I did a post with my jacket last week Friday, and I linked one that’s pretty cute from Old Navy for around the same price. I really like that you’ve got the camo print going on! Very cute! 
Kelly in the City says  August 25, 2016 at 2:21 pm Wait omg I totally have #3 and #6. Of course we love the same jackets hahaha!! Love you  xoxo
K 
Sara Strauss says  August 25, 2016 at 4:25 pm I have an olive jacket and I love it! I wear it ALL THE TIME! 
~Sara 
Allison Winstel says  August 25, 2016 at 9:43 pm I have been on the lookout for a green military / utility / field jacket. I still haven’t found exactly what I am looking for, but this post encouraged some quick google searching and I found an L.L. Bean one I might just have to order. […] been throwing this camo jacket on top of everything. Plus it’s a huge trend this Fall. See here, here and here! This jacket is probably my favorite purchase ever from Shein. I was shocked by […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Maxi Dresses With Sleeves, Black And Gold Jewelry, White Tank Tops, Orange Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 21, 2017   Longline sweater: (One of my favorite transitional layers for fall! It’s actually a dress too and can be worn several ways!) c/o Lolë–this color is the prettiest oatmeal-blush hue, but it also comes in light grey as well as charcoal. I love the pockets, too! Runs TTS, but oversized, so if you want a tighter fit, size down. Tank: old, but Everlane makes a really similar one that is lovely, and I also love this ballet slipper pink button-front one from Madewell Jeans: Lolë skinny yoga jeans (c/o)–they are SO comfy. They’re insanely stretchy and you can actually do yoga in them. Come in a lighter wash, too. Belt: Topshop via Nordstrom–sold out–wah!  Shoes: Loeffler Randall ‘Luz’ heels. Bag: Cult Gaia Happy Thursday! YIKES, where did the week go!? This week in Chicago the weather is a little crazy–during the day, the temps are in the high eighties! Haha, the leaves are starting to turn and it’s starting to LOOK like fall, but it’s definitely not FEELING like it! At least not until the evening, and then it starts getting downright chilly  I guess the moral of my story is that layers are my best friend this time of year. One of my new favorite transitional layers for fall comes from Lolë–one of my favorite activewear/athleisure brands. If you remember, I went on the coolest trip with them to Montreal to experience their famous Lolë White Tour! Admittedly, until the trip, I had no idea that the brand also made great versatile, everyday basics in addition to athletic wear, but some of their items have definitely become my new go-to’s–especially this, erhm, sweater vesty-dress-thingy? On their website, it’s referred to as a dress, but I think this is misleading because it’s really SO much more than that! You can also see how my friend Kate styled it below as a cute tunic over jeans! (Really, it’s a traveling girls best staple–you can wear it so many different ways!) Kate and I met for the first time on our trip, but became instant BFF’s! Miss you Kate! Now that my wedding is over can’t wait to plan a reunion trip    I wore this outfit on our last night in Montreal, where we had a party with the whole Lolë team! It was actually supposed to be on the roof of the Hotel William Gray, where we were staying, but there was a storm that forced us to move downstairs. Luckily, the rain cleared eventually, and we were able to sneak up here at dusk to snap some photos! (At which point I did not want to put down my rosé–I thought it made for better pictures anyway, right?) Also shout out to my friend Nina who played my impromptu photographer! Anyway, instead of wearing this piece as a dress, I tied the tie in the back and thew it over my favorite slinky tank! (If you don’t own a slip cami tank, I can’t say enough good things. They are so versatile and I wear them weekly no matter what the season! Mine is old, but Everlane makes a great one too!) Additionally, I gave Lolë’s super stretchy skinny jeans a test drive! They are super duper comfy, and made to be so flexible that you can actually DO YOGA in them. Isn’t that crazy? They’re very flattering too. Remember in Friends when Joey needed maternity pants for Thanksgiving? It’s because he wasn’t wearing these!  Side note–the Friends reference made me think of Will and Grace. How excited are you about the return of Will and Grace? Don’t you wish they would make a Friends reunion, though!? ALSO–Roseanne reunion. OMG. I’m so excited for that. Fun fact: Roseanne was my favorite show when I was little. Okay maybe it’s still my favorite show. (How did we get on this subject?)          Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kelly Larkin says  September 21, 2017 at 2:43 pm Jess, SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!! I adore this!!!!!! Such a stunning setting and those jeans look amazing. Love you!!!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Frayed Shorts, Dress Pumps, Wedge Black Shoes, Black Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 26, 2016   Happy Tuesday!  Sorry for the radio silence yesterday–I was experiencing some techy issues that took awhile to get fixed. The good news is that those are over and we’re back to normal here. (Phew!)  Today, I’m rounding up some of my favorite winter items–both what I’ve been using/wearing lately, and what I’ve got on my wish list! From clothing, to beauty, to home-goods, and even my favorite cold-weather activity. Let’s jump in, shall we?     I own a similar, mirrored pair of these foldable Ray Bans, and they are by far the BEST invention ever. Not only am I obsessed with round aviators, but these fold up into a case that is 1/4 of the size of your normal glasses case. As a girl who is always struggling to fit all her essentials into a little bag, this makes it infinitely easier. (These are especially great for traveling!) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  I have to admit, I own a couple pairs of rain boots but I’ve been reaching for my minimalistic black pair more than usual lately. I love this Tory Burch version–they go with everything, and you can barely even tell they’re rain boots!    Cards Against Humanity is one of my all-time favorite games year-round, but there’s something even more amazing about a night in with friends drinking wine and playing this insane card game. Warning: It can get pretty profane, but it’ll have you laughing so hard your face hurts! We recently played this at Emily’s and we were in stitches!    My best college girlfriends and I recently did a candle exchange in lieu of a holiday get together. At first the word “candle exchange” made me feel really old, but it was actually the best idea ever. I got the BEST candle from my friend Gianna (thanks, Gi!) Long story short, I’ve searched for it online everywhere and can’t find it (so I’m not really sure why I told you this story) but I’m equally in love with Voluspa candles (which I brought to the candle exchange ;-)) If you haven’t tried them yet, be warned: you’ll become VERY addicted. Buy one in every scent, seriously. The other day Neal came home and found me with soot on my nose, let me walk around like that for an hour or two, and finally asked, “have you been sniffing those candles again?”  In love with this cozy grey, slightly cropped mock turtleneck sweater from Club Monaco. Because who doesn’t need a great grey sweater in their life?    If you can’t tell from my recent posts, I’ve been living in boyfriend jeans lately. I was on a dark skinny jeans kick there for awhile and when I re-discovered these in my closet, well, I haven’t exactly taken them off. I think they make outfits look way more interesting than standard jeans!    This stuff is magic for my dried-out winter hair, I’ve been using it for years! I apply it when my hair is still damp, and then let it air dry. I also apply it after I curl my hair for a shiny finish.    I’ve been trying out bareMinerals new Skinsorials program recently, and this is by far my favorite product! My skin gets SO DRY in the winter, I am often reduced to tears when applying my makeup because my foundation just seems to crack off at times. However, a couple applications in with this stuff and it has completely ELIMINATED all dryness. I love it. I was also slightly worried because it’s scented and my skin is crazy sensitive–but so far, no issues!    I love tortoise everything, and this clutch is no exception. I love that you can wear it as a clutch or with the gold metallic strap. Plus, it looks just as great in winter as it does in the summer!    In Chicago, there is NO escaping the winter weather and my hands in particular get sooo cold. I just learned about this Zippo hand warmer that is supposed to be a game changer (I always use kind you buy at the drugstore and shake, which never last very long, so I’m excited to try this one.) You slip these toasty warmers in a little pouch and stick them in mittens, pockets, even your boots. (It would be perfect for a ski trip, too!) I’m going to try them out and I will let you know my thoughts!    I’m very weird about color, and admittedly, I don’t own a lot of green, but something about these earrings just stood out to me. They’re such a great way to make a statement!    I’ve been on the hunt for some great leather gloves (I recently lost my favorite gloves I purchased in Italy while studying abroad there years ago. Wah!) and these adorable feminine bow gloves fit the bill! They also come in several colors (including an adorable red!)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  While you know how much I love a great red lip, I’ve been loving a more soft, feminine lip lately as well. M.A.C. makes some of my favorite lip gloss, and I love this light pink color!    I LIVE in my chunky wool sweater. It’s honestly one of the best things I’ve ever purchased, and totally worth the investment. J.Crew has a great version I’ve been eyeing lately. (I probably don’t need another…but…maybe I do?!) In all seriousness, if you don’t own one yet, it’s on purchase you won’t regret!    On the few days it’s been more than 30 degrees lately (SPRING BREAK!) I’ve loved pulling out my loafers. I own a pair in black and navy, but I’ve really been wanting this chic camel colored pair from Everlane. My friend Blair owns them and I always love whenever she wears them. Also, per her tip, order a half size up, they run REALLY small!    Do I have a thing for tassels lately? Maybe. Am I a sucker for blue suede shoes? Apparently. All I know is that these blue suede M.Gemi tassel heels need to be in my closet.    Okay, no brainer here–right? We all need puffy coats for this insane weather we’ve been experiencing. However, rarely do I come across one that I would actually want to wear. I love this version from J.Crew that isn’t too puffy, and comes with an adorable faux fur trim. The belt also creates a waist so you don’t look like a walking marshmallow.   
What are your favorite winter items right now?    Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Carly says  January 26, 2016 at 8:12 am OK OK OK of course you love Cards Against Humanity because we’re soulmates. But here’s something for when you get bored of it: The Voting Game. Basically you “vote” for the person most likely to do whatever is on the card (i.e. Who’s Google search history would you most like to see?) and it’s HILARIOUS when you play with good friends. Soooooo good.
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Jess says  January 26, 2016 at 10:14 am OMG! I’m so excited about this. I need to investigate ASAP! 
Jess Zimlich says  January 26, 2016 at 8:55 am This might sound strange, but I tend to use dry shampoo (Living Proof, all the way) more in the winter time than I do in the summer. My scalp gets SO dry from washing, so I try and keep that to a minimum! I also can’t live without good ‘ol Vaseline for my lips. I slather it on before bed and it does wonders! Pete poor hands have been so dry lately, so I’ve been on the lookout for a hand cream that “isn’t too sticky”….because men are picky whether they like to admit it or not  26 and Not Counting 
Jess says  January 26, 2016 at 10:15 am SAME! I’m obsessed with Batiste! It’s the best invention ever. Also, you should try Yes to Coconuts hand cream for Pete! I use it all the time and give it to Neal to use sometimes and he hasn’t complained about it being sticky. (It does, however, smell like coconuts, so I’m not sure if he would think that was “too girly” haha!) 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  January 26, 2016 at 9:35 am I have those loafers and they are magic — tip: order a half size up! They’re not kidding about that! 
Jess says  January 26, 2016 at 10:15 am YES! I’m obsessed with yours! That’s good to know, I shall add in that little tip  
Maggie says  January 26, 2016 at 11:02 am I’m basically obsessed with all these shoes!! Great list! http://www.maggiealamode.com 
angela sum says  January 30, 2016 at 8:05 pm I’ve been totally eyeing those everlane loafers too… the only thing is I hear mixed things about their sizing so… and I hate buying shoes online.  Nonetheless maybe one of these days I feel like treating myself, I gotta just do it.  Thanks for the reminder seeing these shoes  
HBones says  February 13, 2016 at 8:48 am Great list. Thanks for sharing! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Bralettes, Knit Dresses, Grey Leggings, Graphic Sweatshirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 10, 2015   Sweater, hat and loafers (c/o): Barbour Lincoln Park (Visit 2042 North Halsted Street in Chicago or call 773-360-7926 to order!) You can also buy the sweater in navy and red! // Jeans: Henry & Bellec/o // Lips: MAC Lady Danger // Watch: Daniel Wellington // Bag: Madewell transport tote (borrowed from Kelly!) Also available at Nordstrom. Happy Friday! Coming at you today from Cincinnati! If you saw on Instagram, I’m here visiting my best friend and my little niece (who I haven’t seen since she was born back in December!) Okay, also, she’s not technically my niece by blood, but she is by all other definitions. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 That being said, today’s post will be short and sweet!  I had so much fun doing this shoot with Barbour, who has so much great spring stuff that it was hard to choose what to style! I decided on this summer sweater, because I love that concept in general. There are plenty of cool nights on the beach or by the pool, so this sweater is the perfect thing to throw on over a bikini! It’s also warm enough to wear during the spring too for some added toastiness (which is totally not a word.) You can buy it by calling the store, or order it in navy or red from Tuckernuck! This Madewell Transport Tote is also a great bag for the summer! It’s so roomy, its one of the few bags that can work for everything from the office to the beach. I’ve been eyeing Kelly’s for awhile, so she let me snag it for this shoot! I think I’m going to go for the black version with a gold monogram. (I’m a sucker for any gold/black color combo!) Okay, I’m off to hold the baby! Have a great weekend, everyone!       Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Kate Spade Outlet, Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes, Red Maxi Dresses, White Pumps Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 28, 2015      If you didn’t catch it on Sunday over at The Everygirl–Kelly and I recently teamed up with Target for an Everygirl shoot to style two adorable plaid looks for Fall! Have you been to Target recently? Plaid-o-riffic, you guys. Especially the Adam Lippes collection, which just launched on Sunday!    




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

You’ll definitely want to pop over to The Everygirl to get the full details, as well as the links to buy all of the plaid goodness.   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Alias ThePoster says  September 28, 2015 at 10:21 am Still my favorite 
Carly says  September 28, 2015 at 11:29 am THOSE BOOTS THOUGH. 
shaheen khan | lows to luxe says  September 28, 2015 at 12:44 pm you guys are SO cute and you look absolutely stunning! can’t wait to see you this week xo 
MeredithKRice says  September 28, 2015 at 1:41 pm You guys are too cute! Love this! http://www.chicagonow.com/tinder-experiment 
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  September 28, 2015 at 3:38 pm You guys look fantastic! Gotta love that plaid for fall. 
Anna Baun says  September 28, 2015 at 4:13 pm You girls are rocking in plaid!  Love, love it!  XO Anna
alilyloveaffair.com 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  September 28, 2015 at 5:22 pm Gorgeous girl! I love your plaid look! Her Heartland Soul
http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Hunter B says  September 29, 2015 at 12:14 pm Both these looks are adorable! And I literally just bought almost every new home item Target has. It’s soo good this season!
Always, Hunter 
Kylie Sarah says  July 26, 2017 at 4:31 am Your site is awesome! I found it on Google and couldn’t resist reading it. You have some good information here. Thanks for posting!
http://dreamlikebeauty.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Heel Booties, Ivory Wedding Dresses, Wide Leg Jeans, Kate Spade Outlet and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 21, 2019   Hii guys!  How was your weekend?! I hope you had a great one (and that you get the holiday off today in celebration of Dr. Martin Luther King and all he accomplished for our country ). So, the one thing I’ve been hearing across the board from my reader survey, especially when it comes to winter, is that we are all SOOO sick of wearing the same things over and over! (For those of us in Chicago…we have a full 2-3 months left of it ?) so you’re really looking for tips on how to re-wear what you already own.  Several of you also asked me if it’s acceptable to wear white jeans in the winter–GREAT question. (That old “no white after Labor Day” old wives tale still haunts us, doesn’t it?) And, while this is, of course, a matter of opinion, as ALL “style rules” are–I say GO FOR IT. (I hate style rules. Those are dumb–wear what makes you happy!)  Also, shout out to my favorite hotel (and bar, and restaurant!) The Robey for letting us shoot on your balcony! (If you want to stalk more of their beautiful cafe, see this post from last year!)  So, today, that is exactly what we’re diving into… Before we get into my three winter white jeans outfits below, I thought it would be helpful to share a couple tips. (I don’t like to say “do’s and don’ts” because I think you should do whatever you please) but, you know–a few guidelines are always helpful. Here are some things to keep in mind:  My reasoning for this is because this is probably the most foolproof way to still maintain a “winter” feel to your outfits. You’ll see here that I clearly went with a camel/white/cream/tan color scheme. I love this because it not only looks incredibly chic, but if you’re really worried about appearing too “springy”–that’s virtually impossible. NOBODY wears camel in the spring or summer. It is strictly a fall/winter color! ? I also love white pants in the winter paired with red and navy–or even a pretty burgundy or emerald. I think as long as you avoid really summery or springy colors, you don’t run the risk of looking out of place!  While white pants may not be intuitively “winter” to you–when you’re wearing seasonally appropriate shoes with them, it’s pretty easy to make it feel wintery. You can’t wear boots (or any closed toed shoes for that matter) in the summer, can you? Of course not–so don’t overthink it TOO much!  I think it’s easy to forget just how versatile a pair of white jeans and a classic turtleneck are, so I wanted to keep the same top and bottom to show you three very different ways to style with mixing and matching just accessories.  The white jeans you see here are from Madewell. They are the only pair of white skinny jeans that I own, and I really love them. I was on a white jean hunt for quite awhile, so I asked you guys what your favorite pairs were, and Madewell’s High Rise White Skinnies were the most popular–so I gave them a try! They do not disappoint–not even REMOTELY see through (I was wearing black underwear here, for reference, if you didn’t believe me! ?) They are high rise but not TOO high (they don’t come above my belly button–they’re a 9″ rise, for reference–so they’re SLIGHTLY higher than mid rise) and they run true to size. Shopbop also sells a lot of Madewell jeans (but when you buy them at Shopbop you get Amazon Prime shipping!)  They’re also a great amount of stretch (but they don’t bag out) and are quite comfortable! Come in Regular, Petite, Tall and Extra Tall!  And if you need ’em super fast, order them from Shopbop! (They have Amazon Prime shipping!)   I LOVE a great camel sweater. In particular, a turtleneck–but you could easily use any sweater of your choosing for any of these outfits. Mine is from Lord and Taylor (the best price you can find for cashmere!) and is sold out in this color, but you guys always rave about J.Crew’s cashmere sweaters (basically Identical to what I’m wearing here. I don’t own any personally, but have been told by a few people to size up!). Also, I love Everlane’s cashmere too (a bit softer than L&T’s but then again it’s more expensive, granted, still a great price at $120–so it’s up to you which is more important to you! I have their $100 cashmere crew in “frost donegal”  that I LOVE! You can see it styled here!)  P.S. my turtleneck collar is totally messed up in all these photos and I didn’t notice until I edited them. Def not trying to make a fashion statement. Oh well! ?C’est la vie.     This look is perfect for a variety occasions–it would be super cute for brunch or even dinner! I love that it feels crisp and classic, but the mules give it an on-trend, more minimalistic-chic twist!  Speaking of these white mules, I fell in LOVE with these white mules from Madewell (TTS) this fall, and the fact that they are closed toed and also not stark white makes them very wearable for winter as well. They also sell a lot of other Madewell items at  Shopbop–which is great because PRIME SHIPPING! Some people seem to wonder if white shoes are “okay” to wear–but I think the whole “white shoes aside from sneakers are a faux-pas” thing stems from our mothers’ generation–(I think they got burned by the white shoe craze of the 60’s and 70’s ?) but I think they make your outfit look really fresh–and I am here for them all year round!  I also wanted to include an outfit with my trench coat, because so many of you don’t live in sub-zero climates and have been asking for my suggestions on trenches/rain coats. I absolutely LOVE THIS COAT which is made by London Fog. I’ve had it for several years and worn it countless times on the blog–it sells out and then comes back every so often–but I can vouch for the brand as a whole. They have a ton of similar styles though, so if you don’t see your size in my exact coat, don’t worry–there are plenty of others to choose from (like this one and this one) that the brand makes as well! You can shop them all right here!     Another look that is super versatile and could work for pretty much any occasion–especially when you work in a casual semi–casual environment, but may have a client meeting that day! I love a good blazer, especially a tweed one. This one is from Everlane and runs true to size, but any great blazer will work here (whether it’s fitted, or oversized–I love their oversized blazer too!)–I think a blazer puts the perfect amount of polish on any outfit, and the white jeans make it feel a bit more “easy”–if you know what I mean. Nordstrom has a lot of cute blazers, too!  I kept with the neutral theme and styled two of these looks with Everlane’s Modern Loafer, which I would highly recommend. They need breaking in for sure, but they are beautiful and make every outfit feel refined and modern at the same time. Go up 1/2 size! If you want more classic looking loafers, I highly recommend Sam Edelman’s loafers–I own them in leopard print (but they come in tons of colors) and they are insanely comfortable–no break in required!  The prettiest, most polished tote that is perfect for the office! This is also a top reader favorite tote bag (read my “Real Women Approved: Tote Bag Edition” right here!) If you’re looking for more tote bag reccos, I love the Madewell Transport Tote and own it in two colors!    Last but not least, I stuck with the modern loafers, camel turtleneck and white jeans, and layered on the addition of a cardigan! It’s easy to forget the option of layering a sweater on a sweater–but it can result in a really cute and interesting look! I especially love the look of a turtleneck and a cardigan mixed together–they are different enough that it just works–but you have to make sure they’re different textures–it works best if the cardigan is the chunkier knit!  This cardigan is from Evereve–it’s SO incredibly soft and cozy. It’s definitely one of my favorite pieces this winter–I wear it with everything–from leggings to jeans to skirts! (See how I also styled it here!) If you want something longer, I LOVE this chunky cardigan as well (and it’s half off right now!) There’s also this one which is only $36!   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jeanne Marie says  January 21, 2019 at 10:24 am Love posts like this! So helpful and fun to read! 
Taylor says  January 21, 2019 at 10:56 am Love these outfits! Winter white is one of my favorite looks!
Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Mackenzie says  January 21, 2019 at 8:01 pm Love these type of posts!! The last thing I want to do right now is buy more winter clothes (I am in the Midwest as well and too many more winter months to go). I love the classics and mix and matching. Feels like a whole new outfit. 
jesskeys11 says  January 22, 2019 at 9:30 am So glad to hear that Mackenzie!! 
Assassins Creed Leather Coat says  January 22, 2019 at 12:53 am Beautiful Outfit 
Assassins Creed Leather Coat says  January 22, 2019 at 12:54 am Great Outfit 
Assassins Creed Leather Coat says  January 22, 2019 at 12:55 am Nice Outfit 
Alina says  January 22, 2019 at 6:46 am Very pretty outfits! I was just wondering about this whole white jeans in winter thing the other day! The only thing I‘d like to know: what kind of real winter shoes (aka warm, for snowy-cold weather) would you wear to white jeans? Loafers and sneakers aren‘t an option for our winters here ? 
jesskeys11 says  January 22, 2019 at 9:29 am Hi Alina! You can wear any shoes that you want! Taupe or neutral colored booties would work perfectly with any of the outfits above–you can also wear tan or brown tall or OTK boots! Basically just apply the same principles above to any footwear you want  But when you’re sick of wearing boots I always recommend just to commute in your warm shoes and then change when you get to work! 
tailor in Dubai says  May 27, 2019 at 12:51 am This article very informative I have clear my mind about this topic thanks Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Tops, Striped Dresses, Silver Sandal Heels, Modest Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 16, 2018   Happy Monday guys! I’m working from bed this morning because it’s snowing and the only upside I can think of to a mid-April blizzard is embracing staying under the covers and drinking coffee while typing on my laptop. I’ve got a super busy week ahead–I’m heading to Cabo on Thursday afternoon for a girls weekend with my college sorority besties, which requires cramming 5 days of work into three–wish me luck! Anyway, there are randomly some really good sales happening right now, so I’m rounding up my picks as well as some items that I own and love that are marked down! Whether you’re looking for vacation wear, workwear, or just everyday basics, there are a lot of amazing finds to be had! You guys know I’ve majorly jumped on board team Abercrombie. They’re essentially Madewell with a lower price tag, I absolutely LOVE their stuff–and you know how obsessed I am with their jeans! I have this pair! Everyone I’ve turned onto them has said they are their new favorite pair and they couldn’t believe the price tag! I also have this pair of denim shorts that I love–they’re super stretchy and comfy! Both are BOGO 50% off! I made some Abercrombie purchases over the weekend, and right now they have a lot of great sales to take advantage of! I got these high-waisted cropped flare jeans, this black silk camisole (my old one needed an upgrade) and this ADORABLE embroidered floral sweatshirt (definitely wearing that on the plane to cabo!) LOFT has a lot of cute springy and summer tops on sale, and some great light sweaters that will come in handy on chilly summer nights (and days at the beach. I know beach days feel far away but they’re SO CLOSE!) There are SO many good things at Ann Taylor right now, most noteworthy–their shoes! Have you ever purchased any AT shoes? They are so cute. I want them all. This is also a great time to stock up on some cute springy office attire. I am IN LOVE with their new wide leg pants and this silk top with the scallop trim is ? ALL of J.Crew’s tops and shoes for 40% off!? YASSS. That also includes my striped button down above and my favorite striped tee! They also have a ton of adorable stuff on sale (not picked over like it usually is!) I think I need this tie-strap striped dress for Italy! ? Heads up: Nordstrom usually price matches so you may want check there later to see if they’ve price matched this sale yet, as well if you see something you love and it’s sold out on J.Crew.com! SaveSave Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Allie says  April 16, 2018 at 2:14 pm Cuddling under the covers is one of the best parts of snow! I love the JCrew finds, those leopard sandals are so cute! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pj Sets, Tunic Dresses, High Rise Skinny Jeans, Maxi Dresses With Sleeves and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 15, 2016   Boots: Hunter Original Tour Glossy Rain Boots // Coat: J.Crew Stadium Cloth Coat (also dying for the grey version!) // Scarf: Vineyard Vines Cashmere Buffalo Check Scarf c/o (also love this tan plaid blanket scarf that I wear ALL the time and this navy tartan one) // Jeans: Paige Denim (old) but I loveee this very similar version, this budget version, as well as this affordable version // Shirt: Madewell (old) but identical here, and here (60% off!) and here // Bracelets: J.Crew and Barney’s // Lips: NARS Cruella (Check out my favorite NARS products on my sidebar to the right!)   
IT’S FRIDAYYYY! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

It’s been a pretty good week despite the insane weather we’ve been experiencing here in Chicago. (I think that’s the only thing Chicagoans know how to talk about in the winter. Also, seriously, I feel like ALL I’ve been wearing lately are various outfits with rain boots!)  Unfortunately I wasn’t as productive as I wanted to be. I had high hopes to shoot quite a few outfits with Kelly, but seeing as going outside felt like having your face bitten off, those plans fell by the wayside. However, I head to a few coffee shops to get out of the house (Sip Coffee in West Town, and Filter in Wicker Park are my latest faves, if you’re looking for some new ones!) I also introduced Kelly to one of my FAVORITE hair products, so those are both big wins, right? #LittleVictories (Also, speaking of hair, you’ll definitely want to check out my hair damage mistakes to avoid post from earlier this week.)   Luckily, the weather improved significantly over the last day or so (40 DEGREES!? SPRING BREAK!) so we were able to sneak this one in, and (fingers crossed) as you’re reading this, we’re in the midst of knocking out a few shoots! (Weather permitting, of course. Always.)  It’s one of my big goals this year to do post more outfit shoots, so I’m doing my best to stick to my resolutions! Is there anything else you’d like to see more of? Let me know–I’d love your feedback!  Now, onto today’s outfit! This look is the perfect outfit for the weather here today–mild and a little drizzly! The shining star, of course, being the red Hunter boots! (P.S. if you’re not a Hunter gal, be sure to check out my other favorite rain boots here and here!) I love them so much! They come in real handy for stomping through the salt and slush that is ALL over the sidewalks these days. I’m also tempted to wear them whenever it isn’t raining, too. Don’t they just make you smile?  I went with an all-blue ensemble for the rest of my outfit. (What’s Mario’s favorite material? Denim denim denim. #DadJokes.) I’ve been wearing this Canadian tuxedo a lot lately. There’s something about a chambray button down and jeans that I can’t get enough of! (Plus, it’s so comfy!) This buffalo check scarf is also one of my all-time favorites! It’s so warm, cozy, and extremely soft. And, of course, the J.Crew Stadium Coat is going to be a necessary staple over the next few months!   
    Shop this outfit:    
Shop other similar favorites: 
   
Shop my makeup:    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
TheVagabondWayfarer says  January 15, 2016 at 8:07 pm Love the red Hunters. You look lovely. https://thevagabondwayfarer.wordpress.com/ 
Sydney S says  January 17, 2016 at 9:24 am You look amazing, as always!!
xo, Syd
anchoredinthesouth.com 
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  January 18, 2016 at 2:02 pm I can’t even tell you how much I love this outfit – I’m a huge fan of chambray/denim, and the red Hunter boots give this outfit that extra kick. Love! 
Cassandra Eldridge says  January 18, 2016 at 5:45 pm I’ve been dying for red hunters for what feels like EVER! I need to just take the plunge… Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gowns For Sale, No Heel Wedges, Black Graphic Tees, Wide Leg Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 20, 2018  Happy Thursday, guys!  Bumping up this post from the archives this morning as scarf season is upon us and I’ve been getting quite a few questions on how I tie my scarves–so, here we go!   It’s no secret that I have a major thing for French style. French women always seem so impeccably chic and stylish without ever trying too hard. I think they’re the true definition of “perfectly undone.”  Truth be told, I think gathering inspiration from french style has made me a more confident dresser. It’s not rooted in trends or brands or labels–it emphasizes classic silhouettes, never aiming for perfection but instead, embracing and finding beauty in the imperfections. French style has taught me that you can make a statement with a simple outfit and a bold red lip, or focus on finding a few perfect wardrobe staples and wearing them for everything–to work, to out on a date, and on the weekend, too.  One Parisian style staple is the classic scarf. Whenever I need to add a little something to my outfit, I usually pull out my favorite silk scarf or bandana–it truly makes even the most basic outfit to the next level. This has actually been one of my most requested tutorials, so I’m so excited to share the two main ways I typically tie mine! Note: scarves all very in size, but you’ll want to make sure you have a SQUARE scarf. The dimensions aren’t that important–the method is still the same–but for reference, the one I use here is 36″ x 36.”  This is the most classic “french girl” way to wear a scarf. It’s so easy, and if you have a shorter scarf, you can skip the middle steps (wrapping it around your neck twice)–simply roll it diagonally and tie it in a knot!  Step one: First, you’ll want to begin with a square-ish scarf, folded it in half diagonally to form a triangle. It can be a big square or a little square, but typically this is the shape of scarf that works best for these particular tying methods. I’ve found that typically the vintage scarves I found are larger like the one I’m using here–but a lot of the one’s you see sold new are more “bandana” size. (You can see my how to tie a bandana tutorial here.) Regardless, the method is the same!  Step two: Begin rolling from the long edge (hotdog style, if you will, remember that from grade school? Haha!) to the corner until you have it rolled into a nice little “rope” if you will.  Step three: Then, wrap scarf around your neck once (kind of like you would with a regular scarf!) You should then have two loose ends.  Step four: Tie those ends together. (Depending on the material of your scarf, it might stay fine like this, or you may need to knot it.) To finish, I like to move the knot to the side so it’s a bit off-center.  You’re done!   Good news, this method is nearly identical to the one outlined above! Nearly the same steps, but a totally different look!  Step one: Fold your square scarf in half diagonally.  Step two: The beginning of this step will vary based on how large you want the “triangle” part of your bandana to be. If you have an average size square scarf, you can simply move on to step three. Or, if you have a larger scarf (or you just want your bandana to be smaller) you can roll the edge a bit like we did before–begin rolling the scarf starting with the longest edge, toward the end. Unlike we did above, don’t roll the scarf all the way to the corner–stop halfway through (where you stop will dictate how large the “bandana” portion is.) You will now have a long rectangular roll with a little triangle on the end.  Holding the triangular portion (it should resemble a bandana type shape at this point, like a bandit, haha!) in front of your body, and wrap the ends around your neck once. (Just like the motions above, this time, it’s just a different shape!)  Step three: Like we did in the first tutorial, tie the ends together. Leave them hanging after one tie, or you can tie into a knot for more security. Depending on your preference, you can tie the ends OVER the bandana (triangle), or UNDER the it. Leave them hanging out, or you can tuck the loose ends underneath the triangular portion of the bandana for a cleaner look. There’s no wrong way to do it–I think it just depends on what you’re going for, and also, how much of your scarf you’d like to show off!  I like to finish by twisting the scarf so it’s a bit off to the side–I prefer mine not to be centered, but again, it’s really up to you!  Super easy, right? I’m pretty confident that a scarf like this looks good with almost anything, but if you’re looking for inspiration, here are a few notable “French style” looks I’ve worn with scarves:  If you missed this post on my “wear anywhere outfit” from last year, the outfit you see above is my #1 go-to outfit in the fall, winter and spring. It works for nearly every occasion–it’s cute, but polished, fashionable-yet professional. The scarf is definitely the cherry on top! My exact trench is restocked this year, as is my favorite Everlane silk button down. My jeans are very old, but if you’re looking for new skinnies I highly recommend Everlane’s new stretch skinny jeans that come in medium or high rise. Similar booties here!  Pair a t-shirt dress (I love this one and it’s quickly become a cult classic that everyone is talking about! I love the sleeveless version as well! For both, size up if you want a looser fit!) with a leather jacket and white sneakers. The scarf brings everything together and adds some polish to a sportier outfit.  Stripes are a french outfit staple for good reason–they look so cute with everything! I love pairing red with stripes in particular, so this red bandana gets plenty of use! My striped tee is old but there are lot’s of similar versions here! I love wearing this outfit with shorts in the summer and classic Levi’s in the winter! (P.S. I have a separate how to tie a bandana tutorial if you’re curious!)   I wore several variations of this outfit in Paris (full post here!) I love pairing a scarf with a button down (mine is old, but similar here!) and high-waisted jeans!   Red, white, blue, and camel are one of my favorite color combinations in the fall and winter! The silk scarf really puts the outfit over the top and adds a needed dash of pattern! (This outfit is super old, but you can see the new camel coat I just purchased here, similar loafers, similar sweater, and my favorite white jeans!)  Where to buy square scarves and bandanas:  Admittedly, sometimes I think the best scarves come from the $5 scarf bin in your favorite vintage store! However, there are a lot of cute new ones out right now too, if vintage isn’t your thing! The one I’m wearing here is Hermes. Splurge, yes, but The Real Real and eBay have a lot of more affordable second hand versions!) and it was a gift from Neal that he surprised me with right before our wedding! You can find lot’s of vintage ones on Etsy here. I’m also linking some new favorites below of various sizes!    Filed Under: Advice, Lifestyle, Style, Styling tips  
Tia | TiaPerciballi.com says  November 1, 2017 at 12:54 pm I’m drooling over your Hermes! Do you have any dimensions you’d recommend? I’m not sure which size scarf to get!  P.S. I’m going to Paris for two weeks around Christmas! I’m going to go re-read of your Paris/France related posts for recs!  
Jess says  November 1, 2017 at 1:48 pm Hi Tia! The dimensions don’t really matter honestly–I have scarves of a lot of different dimensions! My Hermes is 36″ x 36″ but if you have a smaller version, that works too–the only difference in tying is that you wrap it around your neck once, not twice. 
Taylor Cannon says  November 1, 2017 at 1:35 pm What are the dimensions of the scarf you used in the tutorial? I like its length and it seems a bit fuller than my usually bandanas/neck scarves.
Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Jess says  November 1, 2017 at 1:47 pm Hi Taylor! Yes, the size I used here is not a bandana, it’s a true scarf size. It’s 36″ x 36″ 
Cecile says  January 29, 2019 at 9:06 am Hi, Do you know the name of the hermes scarf ?
Thanks
Cecile Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Blouses, Black Booties Shoes, Sam Edelman Flats, Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 21, 2013    




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  What I’m Wearing: trench coat: Michael Kors,   shirt dress: Gap,  boots: Etienne Aigner (old),   rings: Jules by Jules Vance + Forever21, bracelets: JCrew + my Granny’s watch, necklace: Shamelessly Sparkly It was a crisp fall day on Sunday. I couldn’t have asked for better weather for a walk through the city, and this olive shirt dress from gap made for the perfect sunday stroll outfit. Gap has some amazing pieces right now that are really classic and versatile, I was pleasantly surprised. You should really check out their latest stuff!  In the afternoon i attended the Fashionchicago shopping event put on by Stylechicago.com for Chicago Fashion Week. I was super excited to snag this pretty rose gold knuckle ring by Jules Vance. She’s a really talented local designer that makes a ton of beautiful, delicate pieces. You can get your own here. All in all, it was a pretty great Sunday! What did you do this past weekend? Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pumps Sale, Lariats, Black Cropped Pants, High Rise Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 30, 2015   Blackhawks shirt: Sporty Threads (get 20% off with code GOLDENGIRL through Feb 14th!)(c/o)  // Red leather hoodie: PRSVR // Jeans: Henry & Belle (c/o) // Sneakers: Nike Okay, we’re not talking about THAT game day on GG today. Wrong sport, actually! I have absolutely no interest in the Superbowl this year aside from the food and the commercials. (Seeing as I’m a Packers fan. Sad day.) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Sooo, switching gears… Here in Chicago, HOCKEY is a really big deal.  I honestly didn’t even know people actually liked hockey until I moved to the midwest. I thought it was in the same category as soccer. One of those things people take their kids to when they’re little but that nobody really likes to watch on TV. OBVIOUSLY I was wrong. I then started dating a die-hard Blackhawks fan, and it became problematic that I didn’t have any hawks gear. To be honest, I really like attending most sporting events solely for the beer and the food, so I was skeptical of hockey, but it turns out, hawks games are actually pretty awesome. (Yes, I put that in writing.) So clearly, I’ve really been needing some official gear. Fortunately, Sporty Threads, a new Chicago startup, reached out to me! (Finally, someone makes cute sports clothing for women!) This off the shoulder sweatshirt is also super comfortable. I would wear it any day, even if the Blackhawks weren’t playing! It just might be my go-to couch-louging sweatshirt this weekend (I’m clearly boycotting the Seahawks). They have a bunch of other teams, too! Including NHL, NFL, MLB and NBA– like this adorable Bulls tee! Be sure to enter the code GOLDENGIRL for 20% off through February 14th!        
 Photos by Kelly Larkin Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Stacy says  September 29, 2015 at 11:28 am I’m obviously creeping on your old posts here!  But I’m so happy to hear your a Packers fan and not a Bears fan! I loved you before, but now I think I LOVE you! Lol GO PACK GO! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Bikinis Bottom, Leather Watches, Classic Tops, Cutout Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 23, 2016   Shop my PJ’s here (also come in top + pants) Chair is from Crate & Barrel, Similar Socks.  Happy Cyber Monday!  How was your holiday weekend? I ended mine on a high note, catching up with my best friend who was in town from San Francisco, and ordering our favorite Vietnamese takeout and being lazy on the couch. But, it’s a new week! Luckily, this Monday is a little more exciting than most if you’re into online shopping–the deals have continued (and gotten even sweeter!) If this is your first time here in a couple days, I’ve been updating this post frequently with “sale spotlights” (scroll through this whole post to see them all!) and updates of what’s on sale at your favorite retailers, and I’ll continue to do so throughout the day and the week, so make sure to check back often! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 And, SUPER exciting news (if you haven’t heard yet) I’m teaming up with Kelly for a Barbour Giveaway–read below for details on how to enter  Scroll below for my favorite sale highlights going on today, and my giant list of sales!   On me: Plaid flannel night shirt // On Kelly: Striped henly nightshirt  One of my favorite parts of winter is being up to cozy up in the comfiest, warmest PJ’s! Here are my favorite PJ sets, socks, and slippers to keep you extra toasty this holiday season!         So, my job is a little dangerous in that while perusing the best deals for you, clearly I run across several that I just can’t resist! I thought I’d share those with you for our 12pm update to make your lunch break a little more fun  Here are some of my favorite on-sale purchases I’ve made so far this week: I’ve been looking to replace my old riding boots for literally YEARS (if we’re being honest). My old ones were in very rough shape, but I was holding out for the perfect pair that were on sale–I spotted these last night and instantly fell in love. How beautiful is the gold buckle? The only thing better is the price! Last year, (our first Christmas living together) we bought a real tree. Unfortunately it was a little too high maintenance for me, so this year, we went with a fake tree. I really wanted a flocked one (my mom is cringing) and this one is SO affordable (less than $200!) and is a really realistic looking “lightly snow dusted” tree! I have a grey wrap sweater that I wear CONSTANTLY so I was looking to add another color to my collection. I love this pretty oatmeal color, and it’s cozy drapy qualities! I was waiting until Black Friday/Cyber Monday to buy a bedframe for our guest bedroom. My Aunt Ann and cousin Ally are coming to visit next weekend, so I was thankful to find this one on sale for $200! It’s from Wayfair, so it will arrive tomorrow, just in time for their arrival! Kelly convinced me that I need a pair (or three!) of these booties, and I had a feeling they were going to go on sale this weekend. (I was right!) So I snatched up a pair in pretty brown leather–I can’t wait to wear them! I pretty much don’t own gloves. Every time I buy a pair, I lose them instantly, so when I saw this 2 pair for $24 deal at Urban Outfitters, I purchased them in both grey and black. They’re so so cozy inside, and are thicker than normal gloves. They’d make great stocking stuffers! So, this is the first time I’ve ever seen this happen–the crazy popular OTK Lowland AND Highland boots are 40% off, as well as the Nudist sandals! Stuart Weitzman.com has more colors and size selection of boots, but Nordstrom also offers them, too!   If you didn’t know, Williams Sonoma owns all the great Home retailers, like Pottery Barn, West Elm, and Mark & Graham! They’re offering major discounts across all of their brands today only. You can see them all right here. 20% off full priced items + free shipping on orders over $150! Anthro is my go-to for charming little gifts for girlfriends or white elephant exchanges! They have tons of cute things under $25! So many sales! 20% off pretty much everything–furniture, rugs, bed & bath, pillows and throws!   Their best sale of the year is happening now through tomorrow! Take 20% off everything sitewide (use code GIVE20) 25% orders over $500 (use code GIVE25) and 30% over $1,000 (use code GIVE30)! This is definitely one to go in with friends and family on. They have so many classic staples to cover everyone on your list. (Including a few things for yourself ;-)) Shop my favorite Tuckernuck picks above!   Take an extra 20% off sale items through TONIGHT! Most exciting update, they’ve got Stuart Weitzman at 40% off! Lot’s of beauty deals to be found, too!  This leather jacket is now just $200! (It looks just like mine!)  Hunter Boots are also marked down! They’ve got lot’s of awesome North Face items on sale (at prices you usually only find at the outlets!)–great for guys, too! Lot’s of awesome items for women, men, kids, and home (including Bose speakers & headphones for the guys!)  Have you seen their gifts section, too? So much cute stuff! They’ve also got a lot of great jeans on sale! I’ve got my eye on the Maria Jeans from J.Brand, which also come in black! If you’ve been needing new jeans, now is definitely the time to snag them at a great price! Lot’s of new markdowns on brands like Sorel, Frye, Converse, UGG, Nike, Hunter, Toms and more! Plus, they always have free, fast shipping    50% off everything + Free Shipping! Great for basics like turtlenecks, cashmere sweaters, and lot’s of great items (including fun jewelry) that would be perfect for mom and aunts! Use code CYBER50 30% everything! The sale includes my black booties, my merlot-colored suede booties, as well as the adorable and cozy plaid poncho you saw me wearing in the Winter Guide! 50% off sitewide (no exclusions!) + free shipping! (Obsessed with this pom pom sweater!) 30% off sitewide with code CYBER2016 (Plus, 20% off if you sign up for their email list, too!) 50% off one item, plus 40% off entire purchase + free shipping! (Stock up on gifts for mom!) 50-80% EVERYTHING + Free Shipping 50% off everything, no exclusions! Enter code CYBMON Take $50 off orders of $150+, $15 off orders of $75 (I also got these gloves yesterday, two pairs for $24! Best deal ever, seeing as I lose gloves constantly. They’re SO soft inside, too!) Take 20% off a large selection of regular & sale priced items, for a total savings of 60%!   40% off your ENTIRE purchase, which now includes free shipping! Use code MONDAY I’m loving this pom pom sweater!!) Their popular (and warm!) stadium cloth cocoon coats are back in SO many colors, and are also part of the sale! 25% off your entire purchase with code CYBERMONDAY! This is an awesome place to grab gifts for your girlfriends or sisters, and stock up on cute, cozy essentials!   Their big sale is already live! They’re back with their famous Buy More Save More tiered sale: 15% off orders of $200+, 20% off orders of $500+, and 25% off orders of $800 or more! (Hint: Grab a few friends to go in on this one with!) Use code GOBIG16. The sale includes the Ferragamo Varina Patent flats I’ve been drooling over for months!! (You can get them for $394 with the discount!!)  50% off EVERYTHING! They have some really great items for holiday parties, like this velvet romper, velvet slip dress and lace sleeved sweater! (Perfect for holiday cards, the cutest prints that are great for gifts, and adorable holiday decor!)
Get 20% off absolutely everything with code CM2016! Take 20% off most items and sale items up to 40% off! (This is a great time to get gifts for newlyweds who may be registered here!) They also just started carrying a really wide selection of Apple watches (which are part of their doorbuster deals on Black Friday!) which means no braving the crowds at the Apple store! Up to 80% off! Save big on everything home-related–sheets and bedding, lighting, furniture, appliances and more! They always have fast, free (often overnight or 2 day) shipping–it’s basically just as good as Amazon Prime when it comes to furniture, and everything is always affordable! Need help picking out the perfect gift? There’s so much on sale to choose from right now for everyone on your list! Some tips: When it doubt, go with accessories! Things like scarves, gloves, and jewelry are one-size-fits-all, so you don’t have to try and play the sizing guessing game. Luggage also makes a great gift for this reason–mine is currently on sale! (See below for details!) Plus, I’ve never met a girl who didn’t want another amazing-smelling candle! (Anthropologie is my favorite place for candles, and they’re 30% off with code LETSGO today only!) If you want to give a really personal gift, consider something monogrammed! (Especially great for newlyweds!) Tuckernuck has a whole monogrammed gifts section worth checking out!     Basics–like the perfect black turtleneck, a soft t-shirt, leggings, and more–they’re what our wardrobes are centered around, and are the pieces that works so hard for us! But if you’re like me, I HATE spending a lot of money on basics, so when the good stuff goes on sale, I like to snap it up quickly! Here are some of my go-to basics that you can get at a discount right now:  I own this tissue turtleneck in SO many colors and can hands-down say this is the most worn item in my closet. Neal jokes that I’m a serial turtleneck lady, but they’re just SO GOOD. They’re really thin, so they’re perfect for wearing not just on their own, but layering under crewnecks, cardigans, and even sleeveless dresses! They come in every color under the sun, and are on-sale at J.Crew for just over $20!! (Yes, if you’re wondering, I’m buying more!)  You’ve heard me talk about my love for ponte pants! If you’ve never heard of them, they’re basically a cross between leggings and real pants–haha! They’re very thick, more structured leggings, so you can easily dress them up for something like work, or dress them down for a low-key Saturday, or anything in between! They’re also my go-to for traveling, because they’re so comfy! Shop my favorites below:    Every girl needs to own a cashmere crewneck! I’m partial to them in navy and black, because they’re so versatile and you can wear them anywhere. (The darker the color, the easier it is to transition from day to night!) There are ton’s of cashmere deals to be found right now–I love Ann Taylor’s selection of cashmere in particular, and right now it’s all 50% off! Shop my favorite cashmere sweaters:   We already talked about scarves in an earlier sale spotlight, but I couldn’t not list scarves here, right?! They’re the best ever basics, and make great gifts, too!    Sometimes in the winter, an occasion will call for something classier than your puffy coat. That’s where your wool coat comes in! It looks classy, and will still keep you warm. J.Crew’s famous “Cocoon Coat” (pictured above!) is now on sale for 40% off and comes in TONS of colors! It’s made with their Stadium Cloth which is insanely warm! Shop it and my favorite wool coats below:    (This NEVER happens, so snap this up quick!) My favorite luggage EVER is on sale right now on Amazon! It’s the Delsey Chatalet Paris rolling suitcase. I never thought one could be obsessed with luggage, but I was wrong. Right now, you can get my 21″ carry-on spinner for only $169! They also come in several different sizes (and in a chic brown color as well!): Here’s is the quick version on why I love this suitcase so much:   One of the smartest things you can buy on Black Friday is outerwear. Coats and jackets tend to be bigger investments, so it pays to be smart and take advantage of sales going on today in order to score the best price on your favorite outerwear. Read my favorite picks for girls and guys below (and learn where to get Barbour at up to 30% off!)  First off, Tuckernuck is the best place to buy Barbour right now, as it’s included in their Buy More, Save More sale! You can the best Barbour coats for men and women at up to 30% off!  And the best news? Their Black Friday deal is EXTENDED so take advantage of the deal before it’s gone for good! I own the waxed Beadnell in olive and I absolutely LOVE it. It comes with a liner that snaps in for extra warmth, which is easy to remove when the weather warms up! It’s waterproof, and I wear it every month of the year and it’s my most loved jacket ever. Shop both the wax coated and quilted versions here. Neal has the quilted Tinford jacket in black, and loves it. He can vouch that it’s very warm, it’s versatile, and goes with everything! The Liddesdale is also similar and comes in several colors! Barbour coats make the best gifts, and they will last a lifetime. Also, speaking of remember we’re giving away a Barbour Beadnell right now!! Read below for details on how to enter  Shop Barbour for Men: Shop Barbour for Women:  Nordstrom also have a decent selection of puffer coats for women and puffer coats for men on sale, in case yours needs an upgrade! Shop Puffer Coats:  Also, if you’ve had your eye on a classic quilted Burberry Ashurst coat, they’re included in Bloomingdales Buy More Save More sale, too! (Save up to 20%!) Shop more coats for men & women:         Shop my rug, bed (under $200!), similar headboard (mine is vintage, from MegMade!), bedding–all on sale!  One category we often forget about on Black Friday is home! Right now, my favorite home websites are offering some pretty fantastic deals–like One Kings Lane, Wayfair, and Lulu & Georgia (where I got my rug!) From bedroom to living room to kitchen–it’s all on sale right now. Perfect for both gifting and preparing for holiday house guests! Speaking of kitchens, Nespresso machines are also 50% off on Amazon right now! (I have this one and it’s great for small spaces, it’s tiny and takes up almost zero counter space!) If you’re looking for artwork, Minted is a great spot to look, and I really love One King’s Lane’s selection–many of their prints come framed and ready to hang! Shop my favorite home picks below:      Buy my plaid blanket scarf on Tuckernuck.com! Scarves are the best. They keep you warm, add a ton of personality to your outfit, and they make the best gifts, because they’re one-size fits all! “I have too many scarves” said nobody ever  Here are some of my favorites that are on major sale at the moment! The biggest steal ever is this gorgeous oversized cashmere scarf that was once $250, now for $99!     OMG you guys, the best deals! First off, their deal of the day is this awesome Samsonite spinner suitcase set (a carry-on and a larger bag) for $125! Then, get SO excited, because Amazon Echo’s are marked down to $125. (That’s the “Alexa” thing–Mitch and Kelly have one and it’s truly amazing. I’m thinking of buying one for myself.) There’s also up to 30% off on Kindle devices! (Including the paperwhite and the fire! I have the paperwhite and LOVE it.) You can see all their Amazon device deals here. There’s also 20% off Nest smart thermostats. (We have one of those too, and it works with the Amazon Echo!) For those looking for a good camera, you can also save $250 on a Canon Rebel! This is the camera I started shooting with and it’s my #1 recommendation for beginners! Next up: sweaters! There are too many steals out there to count in the sweater department, but I’ll try  Here are some of my favorites! I actually picked up this sweater at Nordstrom yesterday to wear for Thanskgiving today  It’s SO INSANELY SOFT. I made Neal feel how soft it was this morning and even he was impressed. It’s also marked down now to only $25!  I can’t get enough of this pretty color! I found an exact replica of my sweater above here, and it’s marked down to $22!  There are so many deals to be found on cute lace-up sweaters! It’s one of the biggest trends right now, and I never knew if it would work for me, until I figured out to tie in a bow to make it more classic  Now I love it!! Shop more lace-up sweaters here. (This lace-up waffle hoodie looks SO comfy!!)  There’s nothing better than a classic red sweater during the holidays! Right now is the best time to stock up on your holiday sweaters at crazy good prices! Nordstrom and J.Crew are both great go-to spots for festive sweaters in particular.       Over the next couple days, I’ll be focusing on my favorite categories on sale. First up: Boots! Here are some of my favorite deals on boots that you won’t want to miss out on!  UMMM this never happens. CLASSIC HUNTER BOOTS ON SALE! Both matte and glossy are on sale in ALL the best colors–black, red, green! Seriously snatch ’em up now because they’re not going to last long! If you’re not sure which style is best for you, we have a whole section on how to buy Hunter Boots in our guide!        My black OTK boots are now $159!!! (You saw them here on Instagram!) They’re the Blondo Suede Over The Knee Boots, now 43% off! They stretch in the back so they’re perfect for those with narrow calves! (Hallelujah! The first OTK boots I’ve found that actually fit!) Plus–get this. They’re waterproof suede!  The Sam Edelman Chelsea Boots are knocked down even further, to $79! (You saw a whole page about them in our Winter Guide!)  My favorite “Flynn” booties are majorly marked down, too–now just $76! They come in three different colors!  Kelly and I both love our Sorel Slimpack Riding/Rain boots–they’re totally weatherproof but look like riding boots, and are on on sale at Nordstrom right now for $161! For more all-weather boots, check out our section here in the Winter Guide. (Sizing tip: They run very short, so size up!)  My Sole Society “Micah” boots are also marked down, you can snag them now for just $76!  Shop more on-sale boots & booties:             There are so many things that I’m thankful for this Thanksgiving, but you guys are definitely are among the top. Both Kelly and I are so lucky to have such an amazing community of readers (and, naturally, we do EVERYTHING together!) so we’re teaming up together with one of our favorite retailers, Tuckernuck, to give away our very favorite jacket–a Barbour Beadnell–to one of our wonderful readers as our little way of saying “thank you” for all of your support, kindness, and encouragement over the years. It means SO much to us. You can pick the wax coated, or quilted, in any color you’d like! (If you’re having a hard time choosing, see our Barbour section of the Winter Guide below!) To enter: On our blogs: All you have to do is check out Tuckernuck.com, and comment below (or on Kelly’s post, for more chances to win!) with the LINK of the Barbour coat you’d like to win! On Instagram: We’ll be posting Barbour giveaway related posts on Instagram, so more chances to win, follow along the prompts there as well! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Winner will be announced December 2nd. Good luck!!  Happy shopping, and more importantly, happy Thanksgiving! I hope you get a few hours to unplug and relax! …Butttt then I’ll see you back here later!  xo Jess   Filed Under: Holiday, Shop, Style  
Conni says  November 23, 2016 at 11:34 am That is the most comprehensive gift guide I’ve ever seen! Amazing job putting all of that together!! It looks beautiful ?? 
Bronte @ Sights in the Sun says  November 23, 2016 at 12:36 pm This is so helpful! Thank you for putting it together! It’s awesome 
Rachel Spross says  November 23, 2016 at 1:46 pm Such a helpful post, thanks for sharing! Happy Thanksgiving! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/wishlist-wednesday-holiday-party/ 
Jessika Garcia says  November 23, 2016 at 5:08 pm I love everything about this post, Jess! It is so well put together – thanks for sharing it with us! Jessika / beautybyjessika.com 
Britney says  November 23, 2016 at 5:34 pm Great picks! I love being able to shop so many sales now so I can focus on food and family tomorrow, and digesting and resting on Friday!  Will definitely have to check out the Sorel boots at Nordstrom, because I need a new pair of winter boots! 
Carly says  November 24, 2016 at 9:51 am Jess! I absolutely love you and Kelly’s blogs – they are the first things I check every morning  I have always wanted the navy waxed Beadnell, but have never had the money to invest in one. Would make my year to win! http://tnuck.com/products/navy-beadnell-jacket?variant=978386184 I hope you have a wonderful Thanksgiving!!!!! 
Rachel says  November 24, 2016 at 9:58 am Love the guide.  I would love http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391 
Kira @ The Imperfectionist says  November 24, 2016 at 10:12 am I WAAAANT http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391 Also, love your picks, tips, and uber helpful guides! Miss you, hope your turkey day is extra special lady <3 xo,
Kira 
Meaghan says  November 24, 2016 at 10:25 am The winter guide is so good! You all did an amazing job.
Love the Classic Navy Beadnell. So cute and perfect for those Chicago days when not completely freezing ;] http://tnuck.com/collections/ladies-outerwear/products/navy-beadnell-jacket?variant=978386184 
Mary says  November 24, 2016 at 10:33 am I’ve been looking at Barbour jacket for a while and haven’t pulled the trigger. This would be perfect for traveling!  http://tnuck.com/products/olive-annandale-quilted-jacket?variant=978614060 And… Happy Thanksgiving, Jess! I have been following along here (and blogging4keeps); grateful for all your inspiration and tips! 
Julie says  November 24, 2016 at 10:45 am I’m obsessed with the olive wax coat! http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391  
Michelle says  November 24, 2016 at 10:46 am I love this jacket!
http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=488818237 Reading your blog is always a fun part of the day!  Happy thanksgiving! 
Heidi says  November 24, 2016 at 11:41 am Happy Thanksgiving! Thanks for all the style advice and inspiration! I LOVE this one <3 http://tnuck.com/products/sage-beadnell-jacket?variant=978397184 
Bronte @ Sights in the Sun says  November 24, 2016 at 11:52 am Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family Jess! Thank you for all the style advice and inspiration both here and on Bloggings for Keeps! I love the Navy barbour jacket
http://tnuck.com/collections/ladies-outerwear/products/navy-beadnell-jacket?variant=978386208
Happy Thanksgiving! This giveaway made my day so much better because I have to work. 
Allison Howard says  November 24, 2016 at 12:36 pm This is such a great gift guide and what a great giveaway! I would love this Barbour coat in Olive: http://tnuck.com/collections/ladies-whats-new/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391 
Jordan Gassner says  November 24, 2016 at 12:37 pm Happy Thanksgiving!
http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=488818237 
Amy L. says  November 24, 2016 at 12:39 pm Happy thanksgiving! I love barbour jackets so much and would absolutely love to own one. I think a classic olive beadnell is a staple in any woman’s closet.  Thanks for having fun giveaways! http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?utm_medium=cpc&utm_source=googlepla&variant=356210391&gclid=Cj0KEQiAvNrBBRDe3IOwzLn6_O4BEiQAmbK-Ds97IrIeL_LSKtrRfdJlg1bNN9sECqyZoa9eJQwaRZsaArNv8P8HAQ 
Mary Beth says  November 24, 2016 at 1:50 pm Love the Barbour jackets!! Love this one http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391   Happy Thanksgiving Jess! 
Ania says  November 24, 2016 at 2:09 pm Happy Thanksgiving!!! Such an awesome (and veeeeery helpful!) post! Thank you, Jess!!!!
Here is my favoring Barbour jacket, I would be over the moon to win it – http://tnuck.com/products/navy-annandale-quilted-jacket?variant=978617448 
smayer903 says  November 24, 2016 at 2:54 pm Love Barbour! http://tnuck.com/search?q=barbour%20beadnell%20jacket 
Natasha Arteaga says  November 24, 2016 at 3:00 pm Jess!! This would make my life complete: http://tnuck.com/products/sage-beadnell-jacket?variant=978397184 
Courtney Montello says  November 24, 2016 at 3:36 pm Happy Thanksgiving! Thanks for the round-up… I would love this jacket: http://tnuck.com/products/navy-beadnell-jacket?variant=978386184 
May says  November 24, 2016 at 4:07 pm Loved this winter guide! Loving the quilted polarquilt – in black! 
Sydney85 says  November 24, 2016 at 4:24 pm Love the Barbour quilted jacket.  http://tnuck.com/products/barbour-navy-beadnell-polarquilt-jacket?variant=25072187784 
Alex says  November 24, 2016 at 5:44 pm Great winter and sale guides! https://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391 P.S. I’m a fellow IU grad – go Hoosiers! 
Greta | Old Pink House says  November 24, 2016 at 6:31 pm Black Beadnell Polarquilt! Love it! 
Abby says  November 24, 2016 at 6:31 pm Happy Thanksgiving!! I love the waxed Beadnell! http://tnuck.com/products/navy-beadnell-jacket?variant=978386184 
Katie says  November 24, 2016 at 8:28 pm What a great giveaway, Jess! I love the Navy Quilted Barbour http://tnuck.com/products/barbour-navy-beadnell-polarquilt-jacket?variant=25072187784 xoxo,
Katie
chicincarolina.blogspot.com 
Kristen Frost says  November 24, 2016 at 8:46 pm Hey Jess, hope you’ve had a fabulous thanksgiving! Between you and Kelly I’ve become a Barbour fan,  love that the both the waxed and quilted quilted are featured in your holiday guide! Thanks to Kelly’s love of the quilted beadnell I finally made the decision to get that one! But I also really love this classic waxed option and if I ever get the opportunity to have another this would be my choice! http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391 Barbour’s are definitely a great investment! 
Starlyn Legaspi says  November 24, 2016 at 10:49 pm Holy cow! That was quite the extensive sales list! Thank you for putting that together. It’s much appreciated. As for the giveaway, thank you for offering one. Here would be my choice of jackets. http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391
Happy Thanksgiving!  
Jillian Lucy Gosser says  November 24, 2016 at 11:00 pm This is such an amazing giveaway, especially for a college student like me who couldn’t normally afford this  happy thanksgiving!!
http://tnuck.com/products/navy-beadnell-jacket?variant=978386188 
Liz says  November 24, 2016 at 11:06 pm Happy Thanksgiving Jess! A Barbour jacket would be perfect for this Chicago weather we have been having lately, such a great idea for a giveaway! 
Shelley says  November 25, 2016 at 12:57 am I would love to win this! http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391 
Christina Shelley says  November 25, 2016 at 7:37 am Ahh, I’d love this one! http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket 
Megan says  November 25, 2016 at 8:24 am This one is perfect! http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391 
Megan says  November 25, 2016 at 8:33 am Oh my gosh! Absolutely love this one http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391 Happy Thanksgiving Jess 
Stephanie says  November 25, 2016 at 10:28 am This is incredible! I love the navy quilted Beadnell, and have been trying to convince myself that it’s worth the investment (not so much in Texas, but it is when I visit family in North Carolina, Boston and South Dakota!). Specifically, this Beadnell: http://tnuck.com/products/barbour-navy-beadnell-polarquilt-jacket?variant=25072187784 Hope you had a great Thanksgiving! 
Heather S says  November 25, 2016 at 10:44 am Oooh LA LA. I’ve been eyeing that jacket for years now. Crossing my fingers and toes! I’m OB-SESSED with the classic navy (http://tnuck.com/products/navy-beadnell-jacket?variant=978386184). Thanks for the chance to win one! xoxo p.s. LOVE your pajama dress!  Heather
heatheranne99 at gmail dot com 
Megan says  November 25, 2016 at 10:47 am I’ve been lusting after the classic waxed Beadnell forever! http://tnuck.com/products/navy-beadnell-jacket?variant=978386184 
Madison Cecco says  November 25, 2016 at 12:09 pm Wow this is amazing! I have been lusting over the waxed sage jacket forever. I think it would be great for my DC weather! http://tnuck.com/products/sage-beadnell-jacket?variant=978397184 
Anna L says  November 25, 2016 at 1:19 pm Hi Jess,
Confession – I found your blog through Kelly’s! What a fun giveaway. Like I mentioned at Kelly’s site, I’m a teacher in Boston and think that a Barbour coat would maybe (hopefully?!) keep me warm and dry in our cold winter weather! http://tnuck.com/collections/barbour/products/beadnell-polarquilt-jacket?variant=978774692
Happy Thanksgiving! 
Brooke says  November 25, 2016 at 5:17 pm The navy waxed jacket is great! 
Annette says  November 25, 2016 at 9:46 pm I like the classic olive. http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=488818237 
Michelle Jeong says  November 26, 2016 at 5:06 am Yay! Yay! Yay! (Did I forget to say yay…!) So glad you guys are doing this, I can’t appreciate it more! #collegestudentinlovewithbarbour http://tnuck.com/products/navy-beadnell-jacket 
Nicki says  November 26, 2016 at 7:39 am What an amazing giveaway! I love this: http://tnuck.com/products/navy-beadnell-jacket?variant=978386184 
Lauren says  November 26, 2016 at 10:26 am Just bought TWO Delseys!!! Thanks for the heads up!!! 
Molly O'Connor says  November 26, 2016 at 12:49 pm Such a fab giveaway!! http://tnuck.com/collections/ladies-best-sellers/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket 
Ann Mazza says  November 26, 2016 at 2:47 pm This is such a great post!! Love all the sales, and great give-away!!
http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=488818237 
Jess Zimlich says  November 26, 2016 at 4:16 pm Yay! http://tnuck.com/collections/ladies-outerwear/products/barbour-seaweed-epler-jacket 
latanya t says  November 26, 2016 at 9:36 pm I love this one http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket 
Khiz A. says  November 26, 2016 at 11:44 pm Happy (belated) Thanksgiving! My first visit to your site (over from Kelly in the City) and I love it! Starring this site for future outfit references. I’m loving the navy quilted Barbour jacket that I’ve been eyeing for a while now.  http://tnuck.com/products/barbour-navy-beadnell-polarquilt-jacket?variant=25072187784 
Alexa says  November 27, 2016 at 7:33 am Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving! I always love clicking through all of your posts to see what the latest trends are, especially during the holiday season! I am especially loving the Wax Beadnell Jacket that you are wearing, Jess! Perfect for all times of the year. XOXO 
Sarah Banks McFarland says  November 27, 2016 at 10:43 am  Have coveted the beadnell classic in olive http://tnuck.com/collections/barbour/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=488818237 
Vikki K says  November 27, 2016 at 4:14 pm I really like the Black Beadnell Polarquilt. Looks super cozy and chic, if that’s even a possible combo. 
Kelsea Parr says  November 27, 2016 at 7:12 pm The Bonbour Classic Olive Beadnell Wax Jacket is PERFECTION! http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=488818237 This seems like the perfect jacket for transitioning between seasons! Thanks Jess for this fun holiday giveaway! 
shannon says  November 27, 2016 at 8:56 pm So generous!! http://tnuck.com/products/beadnell-polarquilt-jacket 
Stefani Radist says  November 27, 2016 at 10:23 pm I love the Navy Beadnell jacket!
http://tnuck.com/products/navy-beadnell-jacket?variant=978386184 
Tanya Haag says  November 27, 2016 at 11:27 pm I already have a waxed jacket in olive, but this looks warm!
http://tnuck.com/collections/barbour/products/barbour-olive-bleaklow-wax-jacket?variant=27057913352 
Alexandra Kenney says  November 28, 2016 at 7:50 am The classic olive Beadnell wax jacket is my favourite! http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket 
Lindsey McMorrow says  November 28, 2016 at 8:08 am Love the quilted beadnell in navy http://tnuck.com/products/barbour-navy-beadnell-polarquilt-jacket?variant=25072187848 and your blog! 
LibbMo says  November 28, 2016 at 10:57 am Love the ‘Olive Beadnell Wax Jacket’. It’s a classic that I’d wear constantly and take great care of.
http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=488818237 
Courtney Miller says  November 28, 2016 at 11:16 am This one (http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=488818237) is BY far my favorite jacket! Thanks for highlighting Barbour so often (and well…) — I wouldn’t have known about it had it not been for you and Kelly. Also loved this year’s gift guide — will be buying lots of it for friends and family!! 
Eleanor Lorick says  November 28, 2016 at 12:22 pm The Beadnell is a classic! http://tnuck.com/products/sage-beadnell-jacket?variant=978397184 
Jennifer says  November 28, 2016 at 1:14 pm The ultimate “fleece chic” – so you can be cozy and quilted and stylish at the same time!  Happy Holidays to you and Kelly!  http://tnuck.com/products/beadnell-polarquilt-jacket 
Paula Suzanne says  November 29, 2016 at 7:49 am The olive Beadnell is to die for! http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391 
paola zendejas says  November 29, 2016 at 9:30 am Love your skinny jeans!! where can I buy skinny, high waist, comfortable jeans, OH and reasonable price??? 
Megan D says  November 29, 2016 at 10:48 am http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391 what this jacket wouldn’t do to brighten up a very busy Q4 for me! Love your post! 
Anne says  November 29, 2016 at 2:34 pm https://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210391 I love the olive wax beadnell! 
Catybarb says  November 29, 2016 at 2:37 pm I’ve been dying to get an olive Beadnell! Crossing my fingers….
http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket 
Kim C. says  December 1, 2016 at 12:11 am Amazing giveaway!!! I know all the sales are over but this is a phenomenal guide to see all the trends!!! I love all of the scarves that you chose!!  I would love to give a Barbour coat to my mom for Christmas and I think she would really like the quilted in black!! https://tnuck.com/products/beadnell-polarquilt-jacket?variant=978774700
I hope you had a great Thanksgiving!!!  
Charlotte says  December 1, 2016 at 10:06 am I’d love a classic Barbor!
http://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket 
Sydney Rice says  December 1, 2016 at 2:40 pm Love this polarquilt one! http://tnuck.com/products/beadnell-polarquilt-jacket?variant=978774692 
Katy says  December 1, 2016 at 7:22 pm Loving this post and this jacket! https://tnuck.com/products/womens-classic-olive-beadnell-jacket?variant=356210393 Happy Holidays! 
Erin says  December 1, 2016 at 9:12 pm I love the classic in olive. I should’ve gotten one for fall, but put it off. Fingers crossed here 
-E 
Alisa says  December 2, 2016 at 11:22 pm I’d go with the waxed Beadnell jacket in the sage color (http://tnuck.com/products/sage… because the plaid lining looks like my family’s Scottish tartan!  Thanks for introducing me to the brand. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Blouses, Black Leggings, Green Coats, Colored Denim Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 30, 2014   This past Sunday I had the pleasure of attending a Beauty For Bloggers workshop put on by my new friend Maritza Buelvas (more to come on that soon!). The get together took place at Lovely Bakery in Bucktown, and the change of scenery was a perfect excuse to snap some outfit photos AND put on my new shoes I snagged at the Gilt City Warehouse Sale on Friday! I had so much fun meeting other amazing bloggers and learning some great hair tricks that I’ll be sharing here soon.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
          Top: A.L.C. (sold out, similar below) Purse: Rebecca Minkhoff,  Jeans: Paige Denim, Sunnies: Cole Haan, Ear cuff: H&M Shop Bucktown: // <![CDATA[
!function(d,s,id){var e, p = /^http:/.test(d.location) ? 'http' : 'https';if(!d.getElementById(id)) {e = d.createElement(s);e.id = id;e.src = p + '://' + 'd27mzdfpkg2pgg.cloudfront.net' + '/js/shopthepost.js';d.body.appendChild(e);}if(typeof window.__stp === 'object') if(d.readyState === 'complete') {window.__stp.init();}}(document, 'script', 'shopthepost-script');
// ]]&gt;  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Lauren says  April 30, 2014 at 2:15 pm Is that feather ear cuff a recent buy? Because I love love love it! The rest of the outfit is super cute too, but I need that cuff! I also just chopped my hair so I’m looking forward to the new shorter ‘do tips!  lauren | champagneandchambray.com 
jess keys says  April 30, 2014 at 4:38 pm Ah! Duh it would help if I posted the link to the ear cuff. It’s from H&M! And yes I just got it, I just added the link to the post! Happy shopping!! It’s going to look fab with your new do  
michelle says  May 2, 2014 at 11:48 pm The jeans look beautiful, I like how they are on the looser side in comparison to the extra tight skinny jeans out there today. I also love the extremely natural of the hair. Great pictures and thank you. 
jess keys says  May 7, 2014 at 1:31 am Thanks so much, Michelle!! I’ve been living in these jeans lately. I’m with you – they’re a good change of pace from the usual skinnies! […] touch. I paired them with one of my favorite finds from the Gilt City Warehouse sale (also styled here!) And of course, I never feel an outfit is complete without red lipstick. My new favorite shade is […] […] touch. I paired them with one of my favorite finds from the Gilt City Warehouse sale (also styled here!) And of course, I never feel an outfit is complete without red lipstick. My new favorite shade is […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Sweatpants, Black Wedge Shoes, Black Pumps Sale, Lace Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 15, 2016   Source: Hello Fashion Blog  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Happy weekend, guys! Did you know Valentine’s Day is less than a month away? (Wasn’t it just Christmas? What is going on?) In case you’re in the mood to knock out some online shopping this weekend, here are some of my favorite places to snag the cutest red and pink festive frocks for Valentine’s Day.     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
     Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Mary Kate says  January 16, 2016 at 8:37 am I love that dress! It’s GORGEOUS!! Mary Kate
http://www.mynewchicagolife.com 
Alyssa Thomas says  January 18, 2016 at 7:26 am Thanks for the roundup! I’m loving those pink ones!  Alyssa | Glitter and Grey Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Leggings, Off Shoulder Black Dresses, Cosmetic Bags, Black Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 3, 2018   Denim shirt: J.Crew–available at Nordstrom as well as J.Crew. If you’re looking for one that’s a little bit more oversized or longer, I love this relaxed boyfriend/long chambray shirt. I also love this Abercrombie version and this version that ties in the front–so cute! Jeans: Levi’s Wedgie Straight Jeans–they come in SO many different colors and washes and are available a bunch of places–Nordstrom and Shopbop have a great selection. Navy slides: J.Crew Factory (on sale for $83! Also come in pink and black!) I also love these twist block-heeled mules if you prefer an open toe for spring! Neck scarf: J.Crew (sold out) but similar here and love this cute pink one, too! Bag: Madewell Transport Tote (my favorite tote ever. Fits so much stuff and also comes in so many pretty colors!) Beret: Urban Outfitters (they have the best berets–I’ve also bought ones off of Amazon that were too big and floppy and looked awful ? save yourself the hassle and just buy this one!!) Sunnies: Ray Ban Lipstick: RMS beauty’s “RMS red” Hair & Makeup: See my everyday makeup tutorial here and my everyday hair tutorial here! I’m Louisville bound today, guys! (SF —> Kentucky Derby! Boy am I gunna be TIRED on Sunday or what? ?) As I’m writing this, I realize I actually just wore this exact outfit in San Francisco, just paired with my trusty white sneaks. I told you–serial outfit repeater, I am! Side note, I recently added a new addition to my already denim-heavy wardrobe–this J.Crew jean jacket. Now we’ve got a real Canadian Tuxedo infestation over here. (Can you tell that denim is a fashion trend I am 110% behind? Does denim even count as a trend? I don’t think so ? when has denim ever NOT been in style?) Anyway, if you’re a denim lover like me, I hope you’re excited for today’s post–we’re talking all about how to style one of my favorite staples–the Chambray shirt! (Side note–we shot this in the Waldorf Astoria Courtyard in the VERY spot that Neal proposed. Awwwww. All the feels. See those photos and read how he popped the question in this post!)     I have always been a huge fan of denim on denim. I know sometimes it can be a daunting thing to try out, but it’s easier to pull off than you might think! My only tip would be to avoid pairing dark denim with dark denim–you may start to feel like Mario or Luigi then–but otherwise, you should be good ? (Remember that joke? DENIM DENIM DENIM.) Another tip–mix in some feminine elements with your denim on denim outfit, because without something to juxtapose your Canadian Tuxedo, you may start to feel a little bit costumey–(or not, of course, this is totally based on your personal style and preference!) For example, here I’ve mixed in some more girly pieces–the blush beret and navy mules–along with some classic elements–the neck scarf and red lip. These little tricks transform what would’ve felt like a very “tomboyish” outfit into a polished one that is polished while still being casual and on-trend.   If the Canadian Tuxedo thing is too much for you, wearing your denim shirt or jacket (this is the one I’m wearing above and I love it so much!!) with white jeans (mine are the kick-crop jeans from Everlane! They stretch out quite a bit so if you’re in between, go with the smaller size!) is a much easier way to ease into the denim on denim trend! The espadrille platforms also add–(see? this trick again!) a more feminine element to keep the outfit fresh and springy along with my silk peplum tank! (How cute would this summer outfit be with a white denim skirt, too! This one is so cute and only $49!)  Don’t feel like throwing on a jean jacket? A denim shirt is a really cute alternative (especially if the weather is too heavy for a jean jacket, but there’s still a slight chill in the air!) Tying one around your waist is also a really cute way to tone down a feminine dress like the one above and make it feel less girly. (Side note, these shoes–Everlane’s “Day Heels”– are probably my favorite year-round staples in my wardrobe! Come in tons of colors and are SO comfortable! You can walk in them for miles! If you’re in between sizes go with the larger size!) This is another one of my favorite spring/ summer outfits! One of the comfiest outfits in the world? Pairing your chambray shirt with leggings! I do this a lot when I travel–if you don’t like your bum to be uncovered while in leggings (ah, the old “leggings aren’t real pants” debacle!)–opt for a long denim shirt, boyfriend style. This look is especially cute paired with Allbirds or my favorite Jack Purcell white sneakers and a cute bandana or neck scarf! P.S. These are the leggings you guys are always raving about! I need to try them!  Again, if the whole monochromatic denim thing isn’t working for you, try contrasting colors instead. Go for a skinny jean in either black (an easy way to dress up your denim shirt!) or dark blue paired with a light blue denim shirt and you’ll feel less “chic auto mechanic.” (The jeans I’m wearing above are VERY old from Madewell, but this Abercrombie pair is really similar–and I’m obsessed with their jeans! They are so similar to Madewell’s!) This looks especially cute with a lighter colored jacket–like a white linen blazer like mine above (to make it more professional or polished) or a light colored suede jacket!    SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  May 3, 2018 at 8:36 am Thank you for the denim on denim styling tips! I always love the look but get gun shy about looking too blue. Now I know how to make it work! Yay!
Enjoy the Derby!
xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com […] My favorite classic chambray button down is on sale! This is one wardrobe staple I wear year-round no matter what the season! It’s a classic you’ll have for years and is now only $49 (35% off!) Size up! See the full outfit post and how to style a denim shirt here. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Bikinis, Blue Platform Shoes, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, Shoes Wedges and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 20, 2017   **Click PLAY to watch the video** Happy Friday! We’re back with another Capsule Wardrobe Remix post–hooray! I’m really excited about today’s post! Not only is this t-shirt dress one of my very favorite wardrobe staples, but I think the concept here can really revolutionize how you look at your wardrobe–this will also come in especially handy when it comes to packing for a trip! (Side note: If you haven’t read this post, go do that first, then come back here and read this! I want to make sure you’re all caught up to speed on our new series!) Today’s concept: One dress, four ways, from work to weekend. So, you know the drill! Before we get into the looks, let’s go through the handful of items we need to create these looks: Black t-shirt dress: I kind of think this was the unsung hero of this month’s capsule–you’ll see why, but I am in LOVE with this black t-shirt dress.  I wear it ev-er-y-where. It’s great on the plane, out to dinner, to the office, on a date–later on, I even show you a sneaky hidden belt trick to make it shorter when you want to go out on the town ? There’s also a similar one at H&M! This one and this one are also good ones! Heeled Booties: These booties by 1.State go with everything I own, they are SO comfy, and are only $99! I love the shape of the toe and the fact that they’re cut out in the back too, which adds a little more visual interest! Because of the shape and color, they also help to elongate your leg, which is hard to find in a bootie, as most of the time they can cut you off at the ankles and make your legs look stubby! (You also saw them worn in my outfit post earlier this week!) I also just got these booties from Bloomingdales that I’m obsessed with if you’re looking for a more classic style. Leather tote: The Madewell Transport tote making the capsule wardrobe cut comes as a shock to absolutely none of you, I am sure. It’s my everything bag. Work, travel, groceries–whatever, this is always the bag I’m reaching for and it comes in several styles and colors as well. Black pumps: I’ve owned this particular pair of Sam Edelman pumps for years. They’re slingbacks, and they’ve since been discontinued, but this pair is super similar in the d’Orsay style. This ankle strap version is adorable, too! I love Sam Edelman shoes (Nordstrom has a good selection and Shopbop’s selection is also diverse and totally different) They’re one of my go-to brands for footwear. Black OTK boots: I own two pairs of black OTK boots. In this month’s series, I’ll be styling the Stuart Weitzman Lowlands, but I always refer people to the Blondo Olivia’s, which I also own and love, if they want something more budget-friendly. The Blondo version are waterproof, which is AMAZING in the winter. You never have to worry about saving your precious suede boots from the weather, and they are stretchy in the back, which means they are the only budget-friendly pair I’ve found that fit my tiny child calves, but also stretch to fit all calf sizes, too! Trench coat: I purchased this trench by London Fog last Spring before my trip to London and it is one of my very favorite coats for both Fall and Spring. It has a detachable hood as well as a removable liner. Which unlike a lot of coats, does add a significant amount of warmth. I absolutely adore it and it’s one of my favorite jackets. It looks super chic for work, and just as pretty for dinner or a stroll around the neighborhood. Leather jacket: I now own two leather jackets–one brown and one black. The black one is my newest addition and I don’t know what took me so long to get one! I definitely love both colors and I think whichever color is best for you just depends on your preferences. The one I feature this month is sadly sold out but this one from Bernardo is similar. Bernardo makes a ton of really quality leather jackets that always get rave reviews. This one from BlankNYC is also super cute and under $100! (I’ll also be linking more options down below). Leopard clutch: For the same reasons as I sing the praises of the leopard loafer, I love this leopard clutch. (Nordstrom actually has a TON of different leopard clutches right now!) I’m a huge fan of it for going out because it brightens up even the most basic outfit. Plus, it’s such a steal for less than $50 and it looks and feels like the designer version. Crossbody: I was so on the fence when I purchased this crossbody (it’s Rebecca Minkoff’s ‘Love’ bag in size small!) as to whether or not I would wear it, but I’d have to say it’ snow become one of my most reached for bags. I really love the fact that it’s olive, which is a neutral, but a really fun mix-up from the typical tan or grey. Although my exact version in the olive color is no longer available in the smaller size, this one is nearly identical, just slightly larger! I also like the Mini “Mac” bag in olive suede as well! Neck scarf: Another one that won’t shock you a bit ? I’m a huge fan of the dainty neck scarf (I love this one from J.Crew!) and I think it’s the perfect accessory to add a little French inspiration to your outfit. I own over a dozen! eBay is a great place to get vintage ones, too! Belts: My gold buckle belt is Topshop and has since sold out (boo!) but this one is really similar and so is this one! I also have a cool trick I’ll show you later on in the post that requires a skinny belt (I have a skinny leopard belt like this one that’s really cute, but any skinny belt will do–it won’t be visible!) Ready to do it? Let’s go! The true test of any wardrobe staple–does it pass the “office” test? This black t-shirt dress definitely does. Now, of course, everyone’s office dress code is different, so feel free to improvise as you need, but for the most part, I think this number would be deemed appropriate in most work settings! (Not to mention, it’s so soft, it feels like pajamas.) Many t-shirt dresses don’t have much shape to them, so it’s most flattering if you use a belt (mine is old, this one is similar) to emphasize your waist! Pair with classic black pumps and your office tote, throw on your trench, and you’re ready to go. Also worth noting–you can never go wrong with top knot. Your boss thinks it looks polished–only you know that it’s disguising your two day old mop. (This is how I do my top knot!)  [/one-half]  Alright. Well, this was easy. Swap the pumps for booties, your work bag for a cute leopard clutch (I love this one, too!), and swipe on some deep red lipstick (I’ve been loving Lilah B.’s dual purpose lip & cheek color in “B.Memorable” that I’m wearing here!) and you’re good to go! I wear this look out on Friday night when Neal and I are roaming around the neighborhood! These booties are the perfect “going out” height for when you’ll be doing a fair amount of walking and need something comfortable, but want something that looks cute too! (For those who are interested, this is how I curl my hair!)     You guys KNOW I was secretly supposed to be born a French girl, so I’m all about the neck scarf. I think it’s one of the easiest ways to take your look from boring to super chic. If you’re unsure which colors to get, don’t overthink it! I’d recommend going with a dark navy, white, and red mix because those colors pair well with everything. The colors in the scarf you see here are navy–often when you wear navy with black, the navy either looks black, or provides a nice contrast. I’m very into mixing black and navy! Anyway, for this look, I also came up with a sneaky little belt trick for when you want to shorten your hemline in a snap: belt a skinny belt around your dress, and then pull it out so the fabric falls over the belt. It defines your waist, shortens the dress, and you can barely tell the belt is there to begin with! (See the demo in the video at the top of this post!) This is definitely how you can get the most wear out of your casual dresses from the office to date night. I opted for a crossbody because it’s perfect for both day and night and still roomy enough to fit all of your essentials! The olive color ensures it’s a neutral that goes with absolutely everything, and the suede material adds a little something extra to your outfit!     Remember that skinny belt trick I showed you to shorten your dress? You also see that here! There are few style combinations I love more than a short dress with OTK boots–it makes your legs look miles long! (Here I’m wearing the Stuart Weitzman Lowlands, but I always refer people to the Blondo Olivia’s, which I also own and love, if they want something more budget-friendly. They’re also waterproof AND on sale right now!!) To top off the look, pull on a leather jacket (this one is similar to mine and on sale!), grab that fun patterned clutch, and you’ve got the perfect outfit for Saturday night!      Also, make sure to subscribe over on my Youtube Channel so you’ll be the first to know when I upload a new video! Make sure to check out October’s Capsule Wardrobe Reveal, How to Wear Leather Leggings Three Ways, and my favorite capsule travel outfits. Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Outfits, Style Tagged With: capsule wardrobe remix 
Britney Crawley says  October 20, 2017 at 9:10 am Super cute! I think the Saturday night look is my favorite. I love seeing one piece styled differently. It really goes to show that the right staple pieces can make your wardrobe seem infinitely bigger. Loving this series! 
Taylor Martin says  October 20, 2017 at 12:40 pm Love this – I’ve been searching for a black dress like this for a while so I’m so glad you like this one so much. Are you wearing a size small? Also love your lip color for the date night look! So pretty. I love the skinny belt trick, so easy and makes such a difference!  Thanks for sharing! xo, Taylor 
Laura Fox says  October 20, 2017 at 2:07 pm Jess- I LOVE this one! So many cute ways to dress up a simple black dress. You ROCKED it! 
Jandrew says  October 22, 2017 at 12:05 pm Really cute post great looks . This is my first visit to your blog and it looks great ! I’m that rare beast a man who writes a fashion blog for women. ?. Always working on collaborations , partnerships and making friends! Visit my blog, leave a comment and say hi !
Jandrew
Dress The Part
http://www.jandrewspeaks.com 
Caroline Williams says  October 23, 2017 at 9:22 am What’s the trick for your top knots and pony tails!? 
Amy Calfas says  November 13, 2017 at 8:34 am I am so in love with this Saturday night look! I can’t wait to recreate it for a concert this week! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Graphic Tees, Navy Leggings, Long Sleeve Maxi Dresses, Wedge Black Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 24, 2015   I’m beyond excited to share Sophia Reyes’ new spring collection with you today! I first discovered this talented designer (from right here in Evanston!) when she teamed up with my friend Liz of Sequins and Stripes! I fell in love with her feminine designs instantly. When I received an email from her asking if I wanted to work together for her new spring look book, obviously I could barely contain my excitement! It was a dream come true.  Here’s just a sneak peak of what to expect from her new spring items: lot’s of gorgeous prints (the bird print is my favorite!) light, flowing silhouettes, and ton’s of attention to detail. (And yes, the striped dress is the same one you saw here!) Prices start at $78 and up, and you’ll get FREE SHIPPING when you enter code GOLDENGIRL.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Ready to shop? See the full collection here!        Ready, set, shop! Click here to shop the collection, and get FREE SHIPPING when you enter code GOLDENGIRL! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  […] remember this little bird dress from the Sophia Reyes Spring collection, right? If you missed that, check out this post! I had so much fun shooting her look book a few months back! She’s one of my favorite Chicago […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Light Blue Jeans, Red Bikinis, Ivory Wedding Dresses, High Waisted Flare Pants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 24, 2018  WAHOOO! It’s finally live! My full list of everything I brought for Italy! Sorry it took so long to compile guys–you have no idea how long these packing posts take to write ? TODAY the wait is over, I’m really excited to share what I ended up wearing the most, what I didn’t end up using much of, and everything in between! Before we jump in, important background: We were gone for two weeks, end of June through early July, so by the time we left, summer heat was in full swing (although, I’m told, was not nearly as bad as August can be). We traveled to the following and encountered the following weather: It was perfect during the day most days (hot but not unbearable heat), although got hot at the end during the day. The nights were perfect, but one night was slightly chilly. A light jacket or sweater would come in handy just in case. Again, PERFECT weather. Not too hot during the day, but the nights did get chilly. This was definitely the chilliest weather we experienced, so if you plan to go to Tuscany, you’ll be glad you packed a leather jacket. See my post from Tuscany here!  Here’s where the heat really kicked in. I have never been so hot in my life as I was the day we went to Ravello. Drink a LOT of water and if you plan to do any exploring, you really should be wearing the coolest clothes you own (AKA the least amount of clothing possible) but also be cognizant that the sun can catch up with you. A long sleeve linen shirt or two will be your friend. See my Amalfi Coast Guide here! Basically an inferno. I was absolutely miserable walking around in the city center in the heat of the day it was so hot. The #1 quality you look for in a hotel should be high functioning air conditioning. Again, minimal clothing here but you’ll be doing a LOT of walking–so make sure you plan for comfortable shoes and if at all possible, schedule your walking tours for night when it’s actually quite pleasant as far as temperatures go. (There are lot’s of night tours of the coliseum, Roman Forum, etc at night, which would be so cool I think!) Not once did we run into rain, which was SO amazing! I don’t think rain is too common there in the summer, but obviously check your weather and plan accordingly. Under no circumstances do you need rain boots no matter what the forecast. This guide is geared toward those who will be visiting in the warmer months, which as I understand is through the beginning of October. In that case, I think most of these basics will be perfect for you (especially the Everlane pieces), you’ll just want to add in a couple more layers and maybe a couple pairs of longer pants or two. With that being said, let’s jump in! For those of you who don’t care to read this guide in its entirety, I’ll give you a quick synopsis. If I had to hand out awards for “most valuable items” on the trip, it would go in this order: I go into detail about what I loved about each, as well as everything else I packed below! The #1 rule here: Do not bring anything you can’t wear during the day (with sneakers or comfy sandals) and at night to go out to dinner. If a dress doesn’t fall into both categories, it doesn’t make it into the suitcase! Make sure that it’s comfortable, breathable, it doesn’t rub in odd places and you aren’t constantly pulling or tugging at it. The last thing you want to worry about when you’re on vacation is adjusting your clothing! Here are the kinds of dresses I brought:  I brought a variety of short dresses–many of which are sold out now, but I will link similar below! I really liked a mix of short and mid-length dresses! Another thing–and it may sound vain, but you’re going to love looking at photos of your trip so much more when you love your outfit in them. To me there is nothing more darling and classic than a beautiful dress. You wan to feel beautiful when you’re in the most beautiful place in the world. Am I right? You saw it first in this post from Tuscany–this midi dress (above) was my #1 most worn item of the trip. It was so incredibly comfortable, lightweight, loose and flowy, and was perfect for walking around during the day and at dinner. Runs true to size. They also sell it at Shopbop and ASOS. (They all have different sizes in stock at different times so check them all if you can’t find your size at one!). Also, I love this adorable red one from Reformation! The ones I brought are no longer available but shorter dresses are ideal for keeping you cool on hot days! I absolutely love this one that is gingham and ties in the back as well as this little retro striped one! This green linen mini is perfect as well. All look so cute with sandals OR sneakers! Tip: Make sure with short dresses, you stick to versions that aren’t flowy, so you don’t have to worry about your skirt blowing up! (Obviously this is solved with midi dresses as well, which is why I love them so much.) Everlane cotton midi dress: I loved this cotton midi dress, it was so easy to dress up and down and I wore it for both day and night! Runs TTS! Their new cotton double v swing dress would be perfect as well! Both are true to size. Everlane wrap dress: Another great dress for day or night–I really loved this wrap dress. It’s made of a really unique fabric too and I found it to be more wrinkle resistant than others. (I blew up my travel steamer on our first day so reaching for the items that were the least wrinkled became more dire ?). Runs a little big! I wore this grey striped linen blend t-shirt dress (below, wearing at the Colosseum) probably 6 different times on the trip, as well as this black and white striped cotton t-shirt dress and both were great. These button down shirt dresses (you saw them styled first in this blog post) were my absolute FAVORITE to wear over a bathing suit for the pool and beach because they’re a one-piece outfit that buttons off really easily, but still looks really put together if you want to walk around and don’t feel like changing! I also wore them a several times traveling in between cities. I can’t recommend them enough. Run oversized, size down if you’re on the fence. If you don’t want a long sleeve version, I also love this one from Caslon that has short sleeves! Also, if you want sleeveless, this linen sleeveless shirt dress is so cute and it comes in both white and black!  So, admittedly, I wore dresses probably 90% of the time on my trip. They’re just a lot more comfortable and breezy to me but this is definitely a preference thing. Here are the tops I packed though! This tee is so cute and I love that it’s cropped! It looks adorable tucked in or tucked out! Runs TTS. I have the white Air Cami from Everlane and it’s super lightweight and easy to knot. So cute! (Runs a little loose) Also love the double v cami! (Runs TTS) Another Everlane item that I love. A great basic black tank top and it’s only $20! I was debating whether or not to bring this but I’m glad I had it on the plane and also a few nights on the coast it got a bit chilly, and it was nice to have something cuter than a sweater to wear out to dinner. I got mine in Florence at Massimo Leather but Nordstrom has a ton of really cute leather and suede jackets! I always like to bring a couple options with sleeves because being out in the sun all day gets to be A LOT. Sometimes you need to cover up to avoid getting burned. And a long sleeved linen shirt like this one or this one is the perfect way to cover up without overheating. You know my love of simple camisoles. I brought this cami. Honestly, I love the color and its very versatile! I also love Abercrombie’s camisoles! Nordstrom has a TON as well at great prices! I originally wanted these Caslon pants for the plane but they were sold out in my size at the time (they’ve been fully restocked since! Hooray!) so instead I brought my comfiest yoga pants (I just got some from Zella that I love!) to wear on the plane and that’s pretty much the only time I wore them, so you could also replace these with joggers. (Shaheen has this pair from Lou and Grey and I felt how soft they were yesterday and now I am DYING for a pair!) I brought a pair from Abercrombie that I love, and I thought I would wear them more but it was honestly just so damn hot I didn’t want anything that restricting or heavy on my body. Just my personal observation. I actually didn’t think these shorts were very cute at first but they grew on me and I brought them because I knew they might come in handy–and they did. Let me explain–so, I brought my Allbirds sneakers (which don’t look cute with dresses, so I didn’t wear them very much) but I knew I might want them at the end of the trip when my feet were just shot–and I was right. These shorts were the ONLY thing that looked cute with my Allbirds and didn’t make me look like a tacky tourist. (I have a weird thing with people wearing trainer-like shoes with certain outfits.) They feel like NOTHING on your body and they’d be great for any outdoor activity like hiking, etc. They’re also great when you want to be cool but not wear a dress! These shorts and these shorts are also similar from J.Crew! The pair I have is sold out but I love these, these and these are super cute and similar! I wore them the day we went to the Vatican because their dress code is strict and you aren’t allowed to show your legs (I’m sure I would’ve been fine with a midi dress but I was kind of sick of wearing my midi dresses like 6 times at that point) I paired them with a tank and sandals (both also linked in this post.) Linen pants are definitely an essential when you’re going anywhere hot. Some days you just want to wear pants, you know? But you still want to be cool! These are a happy medium. (I also love this jumpsuit version with the cutest button-front detail!) I brought my white Everlane denim skirt that I wore a few times in Florence, but then it just got too hot and sticky the rest of the trip so I opted for my lighter-weight dresses instead! Runs TTS. A few more lightweight shorts options like these and these! You will also notice that no jeans are on this list–I brought one pair of white jeans but I NEVER WORE THEM! So, if you’re heading to Italy in August, I’m telling you–you seriously don’t need jeans. (On the contrary, Neal wore his jeans a lot so. Maybe it’s a personal preference? I attribute this to the fact that men don’t overheat as badly as we do.)  You honestly don’t need that many shoes. A good pair of walking sandals, slides for pool/beach and sneakers! You definitely do NOT need to bring heels. Many streets are cobblestone which make walking in thin heels impossible–but if you do like dressing up a little bit, see my recommendation below! Whatever you do, don’t bring any shoes with you that aren’t broken in! The only exception would be Allbirds, because they are the comfiest things you’ll ever put on your feet and they require no break-in! I brought both my white Jack Purcell sneakers as well as my Allbirds. (Both run true to size). I only wore my Allbirds in Rome because my feet were so shot at the end of the trip that was the only thing I could bear to wear, but I loved wearing my Jack Purcells with a dress for exploring most days and that worked great. One activity you might want good sneakers for is hiking. The Path of the Gods in the Amalfi Coast is supposed to be incredible, but we didn’t actually do it! Next time! I brought my favorite Steven Greece Slide Sandals (TTS) and got a lot of wear out of them. They are so comfortable. You want at least one slides option because they’re ideal for the pool, beach, and cute for going out to dinner at night. I thought a pair in white and black worked perfectly but they come in camel as well! I have a pair of old Splendid flat strappy sandals that I always bring on trips where I know I’ll be walking a lot, sadly I can’t link them because they’re from a few years ago, but I would recommend looking into something like these Madewell sandals (they have great reviews!) or these strappy wrap sandals! They definitely need to have a back strap to keep your foot in place, and a solid sole (not too flat or not too thing) for lot’s of walking on cobblestone. I love dressing up, so I brought my red Everlane Day Heels (size up if you’re in between) to wear out at night sometimes because they’re a little bit dressier than flats but just as comfortable! I can walk for MILES in them at a time!  I used this backpack the entire trip as my only bag for two weeks and we both agreed it was the best thing we brought! You can wear it as a backpack or slip your arm through the handle and carry it next to you like a purse. Some people have asked me if I felt nervous with a drawstring bag (i.e. pickpockets in crowds) but you can also slip your arm through the handle and carry it like a purse if you want to keep it close to your body, but what I did was just double knot it (it’s not easy to get undone in a hurry) and then carry it kind of close to the front of my body. It’s very secure! It also comes in black if that’s more your color  I wore this red one-piece in the photos below and loved the statement it made but this classic black bikini won “most worn” of the trip, as well as another one from J.Crew that has since sold out. I also VERY much wish I had brought this adorable gingham high-waisted bikini! J.Crew has the CUTEST bathing suits! If you’re planning to go to Florence, definitely pick up a few scarves near the leather markets while you’re there! But if not, you’ll want to bring a couple with you. It’s nice to have a pashmina in your bag if you’ll be wearing sleeveless tops as some churches, cathedrals, etc, make you cover your shoulders and may turn you away if you don’t meet dress code. I loved wearing silk scarves in my hair to keep it out of my face! (Particularly, I love this one and this one!) I haven’t done my own scarf tutorial yet, but Keiko Lynn has a great tutorial that shows you how I tied my hair up most days! You’ll be outside a LOT so make sure you’re prepared with hats (I brought this one and one similar to this one!) and sunscreen! (Carry it with you in your bag! You’ll need to re-apply it a lot!) I’m kind of the person who always brings a hat and rarely wears it, but I was surprised at how much I wore it on our trip. I came across these little wipes on Amazon that are all natural and made from essential oil and I could not be more obsessed with them. I kept them in my purse and they came in very handy on so many occasions. There are so many times you have to use gross bathrooms and it’s much better to use these to wash your hands than touching the yucky faucet ?–also very good for post-gelato clean up too! (My favorite are the lemon or the lavender!)  At first I really wanted to try and be ambitious and just pack in a carry-on but I quickly realized that wasn’t going to happen. I HIGHLY recommend my Delsey Paris 21″ Carry-On bag–it is SO incredibly well-made, holds a ton of stuff (Enough for 8 days in Paris!) and is so cute. I have a whole review on it right here. HOWEVER, I would NOT recommend my larger suitcase that I have currently but what I WOULD recommend (that I should just bite the bullet and purchase) is the Delsey Paris 24″ or 28″ checked luggage. (Personally I think the 28″ would probably be so roomy that you’d fill it and then your bag would be overweight, but that’s just me). They have it on Amazon and it comes in brown or white, but since you’ll be checking it I would opt for brown.  The Catalina Deluxe Tote (pictured above) was my one carry-on item (I didn’t have a purse, I checked my Madewell backpack in my suitcase) and I cannot say enough wonderful things about it. I freaking LOVE THIS BAG. It has so many compartments and fits so much stuff! It also has a sleeve you can stick over your roller bag so it can sit right on top and never fall off. My favorite part about it is the separate compartment on the bottom. I was able to put my sneakers, shorts, and t-shirt in there to change into when I got off the plane so I didn’t have to go rummaging through my suitcase in the airport. I also have the regular sized Catalina bag and I am obsessed with it as well. They have a big comparison page as well that you can use to determine which version is best for you!  Filed Under: Italy, Packing Lists, Style, Travel  
Kelly says  August 25, 2018 at 11:13 am Can you link the lightweight shorts options? They aren’t linked. Fam is planning a trip & I am recommending the shorts. Thanks for all of the details – so helpful!!!! 
Marissa K says  May 28, 2019 at 6:26 pm This was the most helpful blog I found for packing for my summer trip to italy! I never comment on blogs but I had to let you know what a great job you did! Grazie! 
Lauren says  September 4, 2019 at 2:33 pm Question about your Catalina Bags. I’m headed to Europe and want to buy the right size. Do you think your Small Catalina Deluxe would fit under the seat in front of you? Have you tried? I know the tote is the safe bet, but I’m looking to maximize my “personal item”. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Printed Pants, Red Blouses, Long Black Gowns, Short White Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 12, 2019  Okay, so, after receiving the 8,498th DM about whether or not to go with the Madewell Transport Tote or the Everlane Market tote yesterday, I decided–enough is enough–why do I not have a blog post comparing and contrasting the two!? ? Alas, that is what you will get today!  It’s no question that I adore both of these tote bags–which is why you will notice they are my #1 bag of choice in nearly every outfit post that I shoot. (That and I really just don’t own that many bags. I’m not a big bag person. ?I mean, they hold your stuff–how many do you need?)  First, I’ll go through the pros and cons of each, and then, at the end–leave my reccos on which you should choose based on your own personal preferences, and why!    I’ve had this tote for probably a year now–I decided to go with the light taupe color, but it comes in lot’s of colors. I think this truly amazing all-purpose bag that every woman will benefit from having in her closet.  Available colors: Light taupe (pictured above), black, navy, blush, cognac, pink, light camel. It holds A LOT of stuff, it comes in tons of very sharp colors, it’s made of a durable leather that wipes off easily–it’s the kind of leather to where if you spilled your coffee on it, it would wipe off, vs. with the Madewell one, it would not. I also think that it’s more polished looking than the Madewell tote, so if you work in a more professional setting, this is the bag I would go with. The Everlane tote is also a bit wider than the Madewell tote, just FYI.  It doesn’t have a zipper, nor does the inside pocket zip. It could probably use more inside pockets as well, but that’s just me being very nit-picky.  Available at Madewell, Nordstrom, and Shopbop  
 Okay, to make matters a LITTLE more complicated, I love my Madewell Transport Totes equally–but they also come in every variation under the sun–different sizes, leather, canvas, zippers, no zippers, etc. What I will be speaking to are the original transport tote and the zip-top transport tote. I have one in brown (above) and one in black (below!) Note–if you can’t find the color/bag combo you’re looking for on one site, remember they sell them at Madewell, Nordstrom, and Shopbop. If you want to order it online and have it monogrammed, you have to order directly through Madewell.com, or you can always your bag in store to get monogrammed at certain locations! I love the way they look, obviously, and they hold a TON of stuff. They are also durable–I’ve had my first one for over three years now–I’ve pretty much beaten it to hell and it’s still going strong. The biggest pro to me is that it comes with the option of a zipper top–which is essential if you’re a heavy traveler or commuter. I also like that the inside pocket zips!  The sizing is slightly different with both. The non zipper top bag is slightly taller than the zipper top. Not that I notice a difference in how much they can hold–just noting for reference. The open top bag is also has a raw edge on top, which I think makes it look more casual and less professional so that’s just something to watch out for if you work in an office setting.  Like the Everlane tote, I do wish it had a few more compartments in it. (A pocket for a laptop would be great.) Again, I’m being nit-picky. Also, this isn’t a con, just more of a preference thing–the leather these are made out of is softer and more buttery vs. the stiffer leather of the Everlane bag–which means, if you get a light color, it might stain more easily. Additionally, the leather is more pebbled/textured–so it’s not as sleek–if I were going into a big meeting with my best power suit on, I would carry the Everlane bag over the Madewell bag, but for everyday, I would choose the zip-top Madewell tote!    If you want a casual, classic bag for everyday that holds a ton of stuff: Go with the Madewell tote. This is the one I use the most! I prefer the one with the zipper top, just for security’s sake.  If you want a versatile, polished, professional looking bag that you can dress up for the office but also use for everyday (and a zipper top isn’t important to you) go with the Everlane bag!   Filed Under: Advice, Jess' Picks, Style  
Shaina says  March 12, 2019 at 4:10 pm Cute! 
Olga says  March 12, 2019 at 7:41 pm Great reviews! I love my Longchamp but will look into the Madewell one in the future! Olga
http://www.littlethingsolga.com 
Suzie says  March 12, 2019 at 7:44 pm Love this – such a helpful post!!! Have you tried the Cuyana totes?  Any thoughts on how they compare to Madewell and Everylane? Thank again for such a good post!! 
Ailsa says  March 13, 2019 at 7:18 am Great comparison on not an easy topic to compare. You highlighted each beautifully. 
gezilecek yerler says  March 16, 2019 at 2:01 am You’re looking really good. I want to try this dress. Many Thanks. 
Katy says  May 24, 2019 at 9:33 am Hi!
Thanks for the review I have been looking at both totes and can’t decide which to get.
Is there a noticeable difference in weight between the 3 totes? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Embroidered, White Sleeveless Blouse, Tan Maxi Dresses, Slipper Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 30, 2016   Fringe cardigan: c/o ChicWish (True to size, I’m wearing a size small!) Also comes in winter white // Striped tee: Old, but I love this similar version, this drapey version and this short sleeved version (all super budget-friendly!) // Camera bag/ purse: c/o Lo & Sons (Blair has it in grey, and it comes in black, too!) // Jeans: Levi’s // ‘Luella’ Mules: c/o Sole Society (I also love them in brown!)   




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

GUYS! Happy weekend! Is it just me, or did the week start out with Monday feeling like Wednesday? I swear my days have been off all week–so bizarre! I also am pretty excited because (fingers crossed) if all goes well, I’m going to be launching something very new and pretty next week. (It might be “ewnay logbay esignday” in pig-latin.) But you know how I am with technology so if there’s a delay you won’t be that surprised BUT wish me luck, really. And get so excited. It’s gunna be greaaaattt. Let’s talk about this outfit though (because, speaking of exciting). I wore this outfit over to Blair’s earlier this week to work on Blogging For Keeps (big things coming your way on that front, too!) and it was the perfect work day combo.  I really can’t pick a favorite item out of this line-up, everything is just too good. From the cozy fringe cardigan, to my new camera bag that is so chic you’d never even guess it was a camera bag, to the comfiest most beautiful navy mules, and the jeans that have *just*the right amount of distressing. Where do I begin. Let’s talk about the bag first. It’s from Lo & Sons, and you know I’m a fan of their Pearl cross-body. Well, I hate to pick favorites, but this camera bag might be a new all-time high. (I wish I would’ve had this for Paris!) It’s super roomy, fits my camera with lens, battery, along with my wallet, and some small makeup essentials. It’s actually a camera purse, because you don’t even NEED a purse when you carry it. Moving onto the sweater. It has fringe, and it’s cozy (sold, and sold!)–almost like a sweater/jacket combination. (AKA ideal for Chicago weather this time of year!) It’s from Chicwish–which has the cutest stuff and most of it is well under $100! Finally–last but not least, the SHOOEESS. How to die for are these pretty mules? Navy suede? (*Heart emoji*) I’m not going to lie, I’ve bought a few different pairs of mules now and always ended up sending them back or donating them because they pinched and gave my toes such bad blisters! These are just the opposite–I actually walked halfway down Michigan Avenue in them before I stopped and put my loafers on to get on the el. I love the criss-cross detail on them too. I will probably wear them this weekend to Neal’s 10 year reunion (YIKES we’re getting old!) I’m also excited because one of his best high school friends is coming into town to stay with us for the weekend. (On that note, I should REALLY go tidy up the guest bedroom…)        Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  September 30, 2016 at 12:44 pm Those mules! <3 
Allie Provost says  September 30, 2016 at 1:20 pm obsessed with that sweater! it’s so perfect for fall! hope you have an amazing weekend!! xo
allie pretaprovost.com 
Britney says  September 30, 2016 at 4:18 pm Super cute!! I would say that my military jacket and long cardigan are some of my favorite fall transition staples. That camera bag look amazing! 
Becca says  September 30, 2016 at 6:04 pm Hey Jess, happy fall! I love this look!! That cardi is adorable – and anything with slits on the sides is super slimming. I may have to go buy it… Also I just got my Lo & Sons Claremont in the same color as well! It’s amazing. It holds SO much. I also have their Seville tote – you should check it out. You can swap the shells and have different colors.  PS – when did you hair get so long – its beautiful! I’m jealous! 
Jenn Lake says  September 30, 2016 at 8:16 pm Such a chic look! This navy mules are the cutest! 
Kristina Anderson says  October 2, 2016 at 9:45 am That cardigan is so adorable!!  Kristina does the Internets 
Catherine Marks says  October 3, 2016 at 4:57 am I have that bag, and I carry it allllll the time! I feel bad for my other purses now!  Can’t wait to see the new blog design!
xoxo,
Catherine
http://www.classiccatherine.com 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  October 3, 2016 at 8:14 am I’m obsessed with these mules! 
Susie @SequinsandStrawberries says  October 3, 2016 at 10:20 am Jess I’ve been lusting over that bag for ages now!! It just seems so perfect for carrying around your camera without being the girl carrying the huge ugly camera bag haha! It looks so pretty! […] my favorite new fringe cardigan? My sweater and skirt (skort, actually) are also from ChicWish. They have so many cute things right […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Heeled Sandals, Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses, Tan Coats, Grey Sweatpants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 11, 2015   Strapless/halter swim top and high waisted bottoms: c/o Aerie // Sunnies: c/o Aerie // Rings: (old) similar here and here // Striped beach wrap: c/o Aerie // Straw beach bag: Target  Admired high waisted bathing suits from afar, but never actually thought you could pull it off? Me too. But turns out, they’re freaking A-DORABLE, and this one didn’t make me look or feel like a grandma at all (contrary to popular belief). Even Neal admitted he actually loved it. I have major issues with bathing suits. I can never find tops that fit properly. Evidently I am more weirdly shaped the the majority of women because swim shopping is possibly one of the most difficult things I have to do on a yearly basis. (Actually, I never ever shop for bathing suits because it’s so frustrating I just give up.) Example: over Memorial Day weekend at the lake house, Neal confessed to me that the bathing suit I was wearing looked ratty. When did I buy that?  In fact, I had purchased it Freshman year of college. So there we go. Luckily, days later, the lovely team at Aerie must have sensed I needed a bathing suit overhaul, because they offered to send me a suit of my choice. Which (obviously) put me in a big of a panic. I first ordered a different version, but it didn’t fit quite right. Then I ordered the one you see above, and it was perfect. First let’s discuss the top. The versatility factor of the halter vs strapless is a favorite of mine, and a swimsuit with a tie in the back is a must-have, because the ones that aren’t adjustable never fit snug enough around my ribcage. Second, the bottoms. I’m wearing them high waisted here, but you can roll them down to be mid-rise, or even bikini cut. Plus, it’s really comfortable! I know, I know, you’re going to tell me that you don’t want weird tan lines from high waisted bathing suits. And I agree with you–there are certain occasions for certain bathing suits. For pool parties and social activities, I will opt for this high-waisted version going forward because it’s A. Adorable (obviously) and B. It’s no secret of mine that it’s been about 2 years since I’ve seen the inside of an actual gym, so running around in public clad in little more than dental floss is not at the top of my priority list. For your average “I’m not here to socialize” pool day or lake trip with girlfriends, a significant other, or your family, of course–roll the bottoms down (or opt for a classic bikini) on the days where your sole goal is getting some color. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Neal and I shot this at his rooftop pool (he’s back in action as Kelly was on the East Coast this week and Blair was busy packing for her upcoming London trip!) I’m definitely going to miss the views at this place when he moves out! It has the most amazing view of Navy Pier (perfect for summer fireworks).         P.S. yay for being almost Friday! That means the release of the FIRST (eek!) week of Ask Jess, my new email list exclusively about blogging! I’m answering real reader questions every Friday (and it’s info you’ll never get on the blog!) If you’re interested, find all the details here!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Fashion Jackets, Colored Denim Jeans, Graphic Sweatshirts, No Heel Wedges and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 5, 2017   So, all I have to say is–WOW. The responses to the 2107 GG Survey that I posted yesterday, you guys! They have been so overwhelmingly heart warming. I’ve been constantly hitting “refresh” with one eye open one eye closed being like “ehhhhh eeeekk what are they going to sayyyy!?” But everything I’ve been hearing so far has been so wonderful. It’s been awhile since our last survey, and I’ve made a lot of changes around here and wasn’t quite sure what to expect, but I got such a giddy feeling reading your answers! For those of you who filled it out, you have no idea how much it means to me. Looking back to a short three years ago when I decided to do something with this blog–I never dreamed it would lead me here, with all of you. (Thank you, thank you!) (Update: A LOT of you are saying my post font is bold-faced and hard to read. I think this must be because of a browser issue, because my font on my end is very standard and easy to read. Can someone who is having those issues take a screenshot and send it to me? You can email it to Jess@thegoldengirlblog.com or send it to me via Insta! I cannot figure this issue out–thank you for bringing it to my attention!)  What is also great, is that a HUGE amount of you told me that you wanted to see more travel related posts! Most of that majority also rated “style” as their favorite GG subject, so I’m excited to say that today’s post is a sweet little marriage of the two. I’m sharing what I’m bringing to ME-HE-CO!  If you missed the news, Neal and I are off to Cancun, on Friday morning! (Errr, or Thursday night, really, depending on how you look at it!) We’re staying at Secrets Playa Mujeres Resort, and could not be more excited. Neal has never been to Mexico, and I haven’t been to Mexico since I was a teenager. (Fun fact, this is why I can’t drink Tequila. That 18 year old drinking age down there is dangerous for high-schoolers who grow up just across the border in Arizona if you know what I mean. I’d also like to take this time to apologize to my best friend Alex’s dad for getting sick out the window of his Lincoln Navigator after too many tequila shots. Remember Navigators? Parents loved those back then. I’m getting off topic.) Full disclosure: this will be what is called a “media trip”–where my flight and hotel fees are waived in exchange for documenting my trip and providing candid reviews on my blog and social channels. (However, note, Neal’s was not, but they did give him a really generous and thoughtful media discount! Thank you, Secrets!) I tell you this upfront it’s my biggest priority to always be transparent with you, and also, so you don’t think they’re paying me to say anything specific. (They aren’t!) So, everything you see about our trip will be 100% candid! I asked on Instagram stories about whether any of you had ever been there, and I’ve already gotten a few responses! All were overwhelmingly positive, so to say that we’re counting down the seconds to get the heck outta [9 degree] Dodge, would be an understatement. Alright, ready to see what I’m packing?! Alright, I won’t share EVERYTHING I’m bringing, but here are some highlights. (By the way, I walked you through these on Instagram Stories yesterday afternoon, if you’d like a live tour ;-P) So with my, you know, wedding coming up, it seems there’s a little issue with the whole tan lines showing in my dress situation. I’m not going to tell you any more than that (as Mr. Loftus does like to snoop on this blog from time to time) however, just know, I’ll be avoiding tan lines like the plague. (Damn. The cover is blown. I’m not wearing a turtleneck wedding dress. Although given my current wardrobe it wouldn’t be that far out of the question. I LOVE TURTLENECKS.) Luckily, I was able to find this one-piece, which has a low neckline in the front, and is backless. The halter thing will still be an issue, but that can be untied when laying in the sun. (SPF 75 is in my future.) Also, I really like that it’s navy and this cool pique fabric–I know sometimes these trendy one-pieces can seem scandelous, but I think these two features make it a little more “everyday” and “classic,” you know what I mean? If you’re looking for more one pieces, I also love this one, which I wore to the Blue Lagoon in Iceland! (More on that here!) This bright yellow maxi dress comes in so many different colors and is only $92! I know I will get so much use out of it when the summer months roll around. It can be worn during the day as a cover up, or paired with heels and fun jewelry at night for dinner. I love breezy, versatile pieces when the weather is warm. Plus, you can’t beat the sunny color! I think this dress is SO much fun! I love the light peachy-pink color, the bell sleeves, ruffles on the bottom, and the cutest part–the back with beaded tassels. If this doesn’t scream Mexico, I’m not sure what does. It comes in a bunch of color combinations, too! Honestly, it’s a little out of the box from what I typically wear, but when I’m on a tropical vacation, I like to dress tropical–know what I mean!? Remember this little red off the shoulder dress? When I saw it in blue gingham I knew I had to get it for this trip! It’s made of a woven cotton-linen-like fabric, so it’s cool enough for the beach. The best part is that it’s only $43! (This was Kelly’s favorite of the bunch. Shocking ;-P) Our resort has tons of different restaurants, many of which are a bit more upscale, so having a really versatile dress-me-up or dress-me-down pair of sandals is a must. (Because, you know me, I pack light–my footwear needs to be able to do double duty!) I’m bringing along this pair, but also love this pair, and this pair, too! Girl’s gotta cover up! It seems like forever since I’ve been able to wear my boater hat and a big ole’ beach hat (I love one with wide stripes, like this one!) so to say I’m excited would be an understatement. I just got these tortoise sunnies from Tuckernuck and I love them so much! I never shut up about how much I love this suitcase! If you’re looking for a great carry-on, I wrote a whole review about it right here! Per mention in this post (and per my New Years Resolutions!) I’m looking forward to doing some reading on the beach! My mom gave me “A Thousand Days in Tuscany” when I was home for Christmas, and I’m about halfway through it right now. If there are any Italy lovers who are looking for an easy read, I’d definitely recommend it! I love my Lo & Son’s camera bag! It’s so classic, stylish, and very roomy. If you’re in the market for a camera bag, it’s tough to beat! It’s roomy enough that I can fit my camera and lens inside, and still use it as a purse with a few lipsticks and my credit cards! I can never stop talking about how much I love this suitcase. It’s not only beautiful, but it fits more than many of my big suitcases have! Neal calls it the “Mary Poppins” bag. It’s lightweight, is hard on the outside, so easily wipes clean (so don’t worry about the white!) and it even has locking wheels so your bag doesn’t roll away in the airport! I did a whole review on it here. It also comes in several different sizes and colors!   Filed Under: Mexico, Style, Travel  
Cassandra says  January 5, 2017 at 8:47 am I just ordered the Claremont camera bag in black! Love it.  
Jess says  January 5, 2017 at 10:35 am YAY! You will love it! I often use it as a regular purse without my camera even, because it’s so classic looking  
Britney says  January 5, 2017 at 11:38 am Those are some great essentials! I’ve heard good things about that resort- enjoy! Have so much fun getting out of the cold.  
Anna says  January 5, 2017 at 2:27 pm Ahh this has got me all kinds of excited!! I’m off to Me-hi-co (Riviera Maya) in 10 days and yayay I’m so keen to get packing and escape this miserable, cold British weather!
Have a fab time!  Anna
http://thecornishlife.co.uk 
Kristina Anderson says  January 5, 2017 at 9:46 pm Have so much fun!!! I actually bought that suitcase after hearing so many people rave about it, and it totally lives up to the hype! Kristina does the Internets 
Karen says  January 9, 2017 at 1:46 pm I’m planning my trip to Australia in March and am not a good planner for beachy packing. Love this list and I’m obsessed with this camera bag. If you ever find a similar one at a lower price point could you please share? Have so much fun in Cancun, definitely want to check out that resort! 
Deirdre says  January 9, 2017 at 11:11 pm Hi! I’ve seen you talk about this suitcase so many times. I’m debating between the chocolate and the champagne, does the champagne get dirty from traveling? I love the look, but want to make the best decision. Thanks! 
Dubliner in Deutschland says  January 10, 2017 at 7:41 am Have a great trip! Looking forward to seeing the photos! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Lace Dresses, Black Blouses, Wide Leg Jeans, Black Lace Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 2, 2019   Blouse: Everlane, Jeans: Everlane, Heels: Everlane Guys, I keep trying to make this “monthly bestsellers” series a regular thing and then I blink and like three months fly by. But I’m giving it another go with September’s early fall GG Reader top sellers! I love these posts because they’re a good review for me to see what is resonating with you, and helpful for YOU obviously, so you can know what other GG readers are loving to hopefully help you decide on which staples are worthy of your hard-earned dollars!   Unsurprisingly, SO MANY top-selling items from the past month are… Everlane–haha! (GASP.)  This is definitely due to my monthly capsule partnership with them–my Everlane Early Fall Capsule Wardrobe that I posted in late August and my Fall Basics Capsule I posted in September were both such big hits with you guys! (I was SO happy!) Also get excited, because we have one more post coming in October as well! While many of the featured bestsellers (from Everlane and elsewhere) here are “new”– I’ve also had a lot of them for several seasons and the look and quality are unmatched.  So–let’s jump in! Here are the most popular items you guys purchased from the blog over the past month, according to sales volume! (They’re all approved by me, of course. )   I wasn’t surprised that Everlane’s Cheeky Straight jean came in at #1! I LOVE these jeans, and I always say they’re the best starter jeans for someone who wants to break out of the skinny jeans mold but that feels the whole super straight leg/wide leg thing is too much. I wore them in the past two capsule posts so you can see them styled tons of ways in the posts above! Sizing: I wear my normal size (size 25) and I have the ankle length (which I’d highly recommend because I think it’s more wearable.) I was obsessed with these boots last fall and my love hasn’t waned a bit! I’m really glad to see they’re catching on with you guys, too! They are so comfortable that I wore them all over Portugal and make for the best everyday boot. I also have them in black and find them TTS. You saw me wear this sweater in this blog post and it didn’t surprise me that everyone snapped it up! (Don’t worry though, it’s still fully stocked!) I love that it’s got classic Irish sweater vibes but is a bit more modern and updated! Sizing: I’m wearing a small! Order your normal size. Another favorite from my Everlane Early Fall Capsule Wardrobe, these straight leg crops! I love the cut and absolutely adore the color! The sandstone hue is the PERFECT alternative to white pants that are amazing for Fall and Winter! Runs TTS! Faux leather leggings have been a fall/winter staple for me for years now! See how I styled them three ways here.  They are the best elevated basic for colder weather — undeniably comfortable, but more stylish than regular leggings! (Sizing: size up if you’re in between sizes, I wear a small but they are tight!) They have a control top! I’m so glad so many of you scooped up this versatile fall staple from my post How to Wear a Plaid Flannel Four Ways — especially because 2.5% of the brand’s sales are donated to organizations that empower youth! I love the weight and fit and it comes in 4 color ways! Sizing: An oversized fit. I went with an XS and it works great. I’ve been a loyal fan of the Everlane’s Day Heel for YEARS! It’s comfortable, versatile and come in a variety of colors in both suede and leather. I always reach for them when I’ll be on my feet quite a bit. They fit TTS!  I love this Everlane bodysuit and I’m SO glad they brought it back after it totally sold out last Fall! Its one of those rare pieces in your wardrobe that is subtly sexy when you want it to be, yet can be made super casual as well. It also comes in white! Runs TTS– I wear a small. The final piece in the Everlane shoe trifecta! This camel hue just exudes fall to me! From the office to weekend excursions this season, I love this modern take on the traditional loafer — and it fits TTS! Ahhh, my favorite — the work pants! These are such a great fit and silhouette and they come in 10 beautiful colors! Amazing for the office and for still looking chic after hours. See August’s capsule post linked in the intro for how I styled them! Sizing: Runs small/I would size up! I usually wear a 0 in Everlane pants, but got a 2 in these. The BEST fall booties from Steve Madden–I got these from the Nordstrom sale this fall and I think between the color, height, and toe shape, they’re the most versatile and flattering booties ever. Sizing: I ordered my normal size and think they’re good but some say they run small, so maybe go 1/2 size up if you typically wear half sizes! (I’m always an 8 and the 8 fits great.) Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Long Black Maxi Dresses, Sleeveless Dresses, High Waist Flare Pants, Blue Shoes Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 24, 2018   Sweater: c/o Lord & Taylor cashmere (runs TTS, I’m wearing a Small) Shop all Lord & Taylor cashmere right here! Right now cashmere starts at $49.99! Scarf: c/o Lord & Taylor–it’s only $38!! Comes in white too! Thicker version here! Leather leggings: similar here and  here! Boots: Blondo Jacket: Barbour Quilted Beadnell (this version runs TTS, I’m wearing a size 2–but you may want to size up if you like a lot of layers underneath!) Beret: similar here (they have so many cute versions!) Hi guys! How is your weekend going?  I hope you’re enjoying some relaxing time off! Coming at ya with another special Cyber weekend edition post ? This afternoon my mom is heading home to Oregon ?It was so much fun having her in town for Thanksgiving–I wish she could’ve stayed longer! But I can’t be sad for long, because today is also Neal’s Papa’s 80th birthday party–followed by my Sister in Law’s Karaoke birthday party ?It is going to be a PACKED day of celebration, let me tell you! Anyway–it’s time for part two of my cashmere post! (If you missed part one, hop on over here and check it out, where I showed you how to dress up a classic cashmere turtleneck with a skirt and OTK boots!) Right now, Lord & Taylor is offering 40% off sweaters–including cashmere starting at $49.99–the sweater I’m wearing here comes in over 28 different colors! Also, you can save up to 40% on boots for women and men, and an extra 40% off already reduced styles! I absolutely LOVE a good cashmere sweater– it’s an essential staple in any woman’s wardrobe, but while everyone can appreciate it as a “classic”–I think it can easily be put in the box along with “boring” and “simple”–which isn’t true at all! Sometimes, the classic cashmere sweater is just the thing you need to take a certain item from “too trendy” or “too edgy” to “just right.” (This is what I like to call a “goldilocks staple” if ya catch my drift ?) Leather leggings, for a lot of people, can feel too over-the-top and unattainable, and sure–they definitely can feel a little “much” when paired with the wrong thing–but with something like a classic sweater and flat OTK boots? Ding ding ding! The faux leather adds *just* the right amount of juxtaposition to a classic outfit, and makes it FAR more interesting than it would be if you had paired it with jeans! Spanx arguably makes the best pairs, which have a control top (perfect for post-Thanksgiving ?) Note: They aren’t on sale here but see my sale post to see if they have them in your size marked down! And speaking of flat OTK boots–when I asked you guys what you wanted to see in terms of my Cyber Week coverage–SO many of you asked me “What is the #1 pair of tall boots you’d recommend over all others?” and it’s hands down, Blondo boots! I’ve had mine for years and they are high quality, WATERPROOF, and are incredibly comfortable (no break in required). Right now, a LOT of Lord & Taylor’s boots are marked down as well! Their sale only runs through tomorrow, so if you see anything that catches your eye, snap it up while you can! I will admit, I haven’t done a lot of shopping at L&T in the past–for reasons I don’t know (!)–but that is definitely changing! I really love their namesake “Lord and Taylor” label–everything they make is so affordable but beautiful, classic, and stylish. They also carry a lot of my favorite brands, and they run so many amazing sales, you can always snag your favorite brands at a discount! Some other noteworthy L&T sale steals at 40% off: my plaid scarf ($38!), lot’s of adorable berets, and so many cute boots!        This post brought to you by Lord & Taylor and Shopstyle, all opinions are 110% my own–thank you for supporting the brands that allow me to keep creating the best possible content for YOU–my best girls!  Photos by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Michał says  December 3, 2018 at 12:20 pm You look absolutely beautiful in these super high black boots, black leather leggings and a black sweater !! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Sneakers, Formal Gowns, Candles, Embroidered and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 13, 2017     Top: StyleKeepers at Shopbop (25% off only through Friday!)–also comes in purple gingham and blue gingham! Runs true to size! // Trench: London Fog (under $200!)–it’s my go-to coat these days. It has a quilted button-in liner for extra warmth when you need it, and a removable hood. It’s AMAZING. I’m wearing an XS, runs slightly large // Shoes: B.P. Terry Block Heels, which also come in black! They’re the most comfy heels I’ve owned in a long time, too! Run true to size. // Sunnies: Ray Bans–this pair folds up into a little bitty case, which is SO awesome for travel, but they make a similar rose gold version here that doesn’t fold, and is much more affordable! I also love this classic round version! // Pants: Levi’s 721 White Jeans (I also love this J.Brand pair which is also part of the 25% off sale!) // Bag: Welden (borrowed from Blair, I think I’m going to get myself one though after wearing it for the day! I’ve been eyeing this saddlebag version, which also comes in brown suede and black–so cute! Love this mini sized saddleback and the bucket bag, too!) // Lipstick: Burberry Lipvelvet in Oxblood    When it comes to getting dressed, this time of the year makes it especially hard. I think the transition from fall to winter is infinitely easier than winter to spring-ish-summer-ish. (In Chicago, we don’t have a spring to summer transition. It goes something like: winter, then spring, then back to winter, then stays winter for awhile, spring for a day, rain, rain, maybe another blizzard, rain, and then summer.)




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Basically, if you don’t check the weather before you get dressed in the morning, you could end up with a sticky situation on your hands. (These are the days I miss my adolescent days growing up in Arizona, where there were two, very dependable seasons: warm, and hot.) Anyway, whenever spring-ish rolls around, I try to buy staples that I know I will wear from spring into summer and again in the fall. If you’re sitting there puzzled like, “what the heck kind of clothes should I be buying right now?!” this post is for you. (Side note: Before we jump in, several of the items I’m wearing are on sale as part of the 20-25% off Shopbop Sale right now–it ends Friday, so make sure to place your order before then!) Kelly recently got this top in the blue gingham version, and convinced me that I needed to buy it too! The brand who makes it is called StyleKeepers, which is this really cool Australian label that I discovered on Shopbop! (Right now, you can get it for 25% off, too!) It’s one of those items where for a moment you hesitate and think, “Is this the cutest top ever, OR does it make me look so much like Johnny Depp that people are going to start buying me rum shots at the barrrrr?” (HA get it? Wow.) Here’s the thing, it looks ridiculous on the hanger, but once you put it on, it is seriously one of the most flattering tops I’ve ever worn! The neckline is absolutely stunning. I love how it’s ALMOST off the shoulder but not quite, and it’s the perfect v-neck cut that shows the perfect amount of skin and accentuates your collar bones. It’s romantic, feminine, and under $100 (and that’s before the sale discount!)–seriously, what more can you want out of a top? The best part is that it wraps around and ties into the cutest little bow at your hip! It looks so cute with high-waisted pants right now.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 For summer, I’m excited to wear it with jean shorts and these new flat sandals I just got! (More about both of those things in this post!) Shop more favorite ruffle tops:    I’m a big proponent of wearing white pants year round. This time of year, it always makes me really sad to pull on things like black jeans and boots. I want to wear spring things even if it’s cold outside, so white pants allow me to accomplish feeling springy and keep warm at the same time. I often wear mine (love both the Levi’s 721’s and the J.Brand Maria’s, both of which you can get up to 25% off right now! Both pairs run TTS, I wear a 26) with my favorite oxfords or loafers (size up one whole size in both) if it’s too chilly for sandals. I’ve also been really digging my white sneakers with white pants lately, too–the white on white is really crisp and refreshing! I typically have one pair of heels and one pair of flats that I gravitate toward for every season. This summer, I know it’s going to be this pair of heeled sandals (run TTS). They’re super affordable (so I don’t have to worry about wearing them into the ground!), they’re super comfortable, and they can easily be dressed up or down! I’m starting to wear these now on warmer days! The trick is to cover up elsewhere–(i.e. long pants and/or a light jacket) to hit the perfect warmth balance. This trench coat (runs slightly large, I’m an XS!) is easily my favorite purchase I’ve made this spring. I don’t know what took me so long to find it. London Fog is a very classic brand with a lot of history, and they seriously make the best trenches. Admittedly, I couldn’t justify splurging on a Burberry one right at the moment, so this was exactly what I was looking for. It has a button-in liner when you need the warmth, and a removable hood, too. I can’t say enough amazing things about it. When it gets warmer, you just simply take out the liner. I know I’ll be excited for fall to start rolling around at the end of summer so I can pull this out again  I love blush because it accomplishes being both a color and a neutral at the same time. No surprise, it’s everywhere right now, and I especially love blush accessories. They add a little something extra to your outfit, but can still be paired with any other color without clashing. I love the color and woven details of this bag made by Welden! My favorite pair of mules is also this color and I love how feminine they make every outfit look! I got these sunglasses when we were in Ireland years ago, and I still love them just as much. I love the rose gold mirrored lenses. Each time I put them on, it feels a little more like summer! The best part is that they fold up into a teeny-tiny case, so they’re amazing for travel, or if you’re one of those girls who never has room for her sunglasses in her purse! The round shape is so classic, too! They also come in the classic neutral frames as well.      Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Diana Pearl says  April 13, 2017 at 10:50 am This top is so, so cute! I’ve been in love with it since last summer. I just may have to take the plunge now! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Elise @ Belle Meets World says  April 13, 2017 at 2:04 pm Love all these transitional pieces, Jess! I have a couple of these that I’ve picked up for my closet too – found a top like this in a red stripe from Zara for cheap and I’m in love!  Have a wonderful rest of your week! Elise […] Source: The Golden Girl […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Black Bralettes, Frayed Shorts, Short White Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 28, 2017     Beach bag: c/o Sole Society (also comes in a bucket bag version!) I also love this woven pom pom clutch // Sandals: c/o Sole Society, which you also saw styled in this post from Mexico (I also love these lace-up wedges, and this fringe pair) // Tank: Nordstrom (only $30 and so versatile!) which you also saw styled in this post (also love this strappy tank, and this one too!) // Shorts: Ann Taylor (old) but they have a new version that is nearly identical! // Sunglasses: Tuckernuck (exact color sold out, but very similar color here) // Rug: c/o Lulu & Georgia (on sale!)   Heeyyyyyy from Chicago where it’s pretty much sub-zero! I hope you’ve been enjoying these warm-weather winter vacation posts scattered intermittently through my cold-weather content to give us all a little break from the snow  If you followed along on Instagram stories while we were in Mexico, you’ll know we spent a LOT of time on the beach and at the pool–meaning, a thoughtfully packed beach bag was crucial. And because now is the time of year where everyone seems to be flying south for the winter, I’m sharing my own beach bag essentials and packing tips! (Because going ALL the way back up to the room and losing my precious limited sun exposure time was notttt an option.)   First, the obvious. Start with a great beach bag! When packing for vacation, I typically like to go for a cloth tote bag over a straw-type bag, because I need it to double as my “personal item” on the plane–meaning, it needs to be able to be schlepped through the airport, hold my camera, my computer, my purse, reading material, and my makeup bag–it’s gotta be durable! (Speaking of what to bring on the plane, I’m obsessed with this tassel wrap! So much better than airplane blankets–yuck!) I love this woven tote bag because the cloth handles are comfortable, and the bag is like Mary-Poppins style. It fits EVERYTHING. I also love the woven texture AND it has pom poms. (!!!)   Then, of course, what to put in it. Here are my go-to’s whenever I pack for the beach or the pool. (We’ll start with the obvious and work our way into less-obvious items, yes?) I recently bought the book “Messy“–because I’m constantly trying to prove to Neal that he should be proud of my messy qualities–HA–and it’s been really interesting so far! (In case you’re looking for a new read, and are also a walking tornado, like myself.) My Kindle Paperwhite is also an essential–it’s much better than reading on your iPad, because you can, you know, actually read what’s on the screen in bright sun. If you’re looking for new sunglasses, I got these from Tuckernuck and I love them so much! I also have these fold-up Ray Bans that are also great for travel. I spent my adolescent life in Arizona, four years in college frequenting tanning beds, and now it’s safe to say I’m now terrified of adding more damage to my skin. I have really sensitive skin so I’m always a little leery of putting anything new on it (especially since sunscreen can be so greasy) but I picked up this stuff from Walgreens and ended up really loving it. I used it on my face and body and it didn’t cause any breakouts, and I didn’t get burned AT ALL.   I don’t know about you, but when I get in the sun and water, my skin gets drier than the desert. Neal experienced the same thing and he looked at me in confusion and said, “But I have so much sunscreen on my face! How is it dry?” Common misconception: sunscreen is not lotion! Make sure to moisturize prior to putting on sunscreen, and keep a travel sized tube in your bag. I love CereVe moisturizing cream because it does a great job keep my skin hydrated, and can be put on my face or body. The pool or beach is not the place for your makeup bag, but waterproof mascara, my eyelash curler, and  a little tinted lip balm (I love this one!) always make me feel a lot more pulled together! When I’m ready to go, I give my eyelashes another quick curl and swipe on some glossy balm, and I’m ready to grab dinner or drinks! There’s nothing worse than putting your wrinkled clothes back on after they’ve been crumpled up in your beach bag! I absolutely cannot stand wearing anything wrinkled, so this when I discovered this magic potion it made my WHOLE life. I never travel without it! If you’re headed to an all-inclusive resort like we stayed at, you’ll likely want to go straight from the beach or pool to dinner or drinks. I stashed these shoes in my bag because most of the restaurants on-site have a more upscale dress code–meaning, no flip flops! These sandals from Sole Society were perfect because they have a low heel, and they dress up anything you pair them with! I wore this exact outfit on our first day at the resort, and the shoes made the day-to-night (er, beach to drinks) transition a breeze! (See how I styled them on our third night in Mexico here!)   Shop more vacation go-to’s from Sole Society:    In collaboration with Sole Society. All opinions are 100% my own!  Filed Under: Lifestyle, Style, Travel  
Blair @ The Fox & She says  January 29, 2017 at 4:54 pm This bag is supppper cute! Let’s all go to the beach now, okay? cool  
Jess says  January 30, 2017 at 8:53 am Yessss pleaseeeeee! 
Britney says  January 30, 2017 at 8:23 am That beach bag is huge! I always try to pack light, so I think my beach bag is half the size, and consequently I feel like I can’t fit much in it!  Plus, my husband always wants me to carry his towel. I might need to upgrade. Great packing list for the beach… wish I had a trip planned soon! 
Jess says  January 30, 2017 at 8:53 am Yes! I’m the lightest packer too! Sounds strange, but with huge beach bags, you can fit so much in them that they can double as your “personal item” which allows you to get away with just a carry-on suitcase!  This one is totally big enough for your husbands towel too! ;-P 
Taylor- Lights Camera Catwalk says  January 30, 2017 at 9:55 am That beach bag is so dreamy!! Love the colors, texture, and tassel!  xx Taylor
http://lightscameracatwalk.com/ 
Maya McDonald says  January 30, 2017 at 11:07 am I’m headed to the beach this weekend and I am SO excited! Thanks for all the great tips girlfriend! xx 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  January 30, 2017 at 3:22 pm I am in love with that beach bag and I like how big it is! Now I need a vaca! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Blouses And Tops, Metallic Shoes, Black Flats, White Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 18, 2016     Sweater: Nordstrom, comes in black, too! Similar versions here, here and here (this yellow version is really cute, too!) I also love it in sweater dress version here and here, and this lace-up back version! Jeans: Levi’s–total steal at $35 on Zappos! If you’re looking for more designer denim, Paige and Jbrand are my favorites! Lace-up flats: old, but similar here for only $59! Bag: old Vera Bradley, but similar here.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 
 Happy weekend, guys!  So first off, sorry for the radio silence again yesterday. I pretty much lost all sense of everything else and focused exclusively on our Winter Guide this week. (Still can’t believe two chronic procrastinators got it done so early!)  I’m currently writing this [Thursday evening] on the Amtrak from Chicago to St. Louis–I’m headed there for one of my best friend’s weddings! I can’t wait to see Ally and Kevin tie the knot and I’m so honored to be part of their big day! (Here is the bridesmaid dress I’m wearing! It comes in so many colors and is super flattering on so many different body types!)  The weather has been SO beautiful lately that a coat has been an afterthought. I was running around like a crazy person getting everything ready and out the door to catch the train, I just realized I forgot my coat. Haha! Whoops! (Hopefully the nice weather continues?)  Anyway, can you believe in less than a week, we’ll all be gearing up for Thanksgiving Dinner? EEEEK!  I’ve always loved Thanksgiving, but it was never really one of my favorite holidays until Neal and I started dating.  His family always does Thanksgiving big–and it’s now such a special day I look forward to for weeks. He has a big family on both sides–all warm, welcoming, hilarious, and so much fun. Coming from a girl who typically only spent Thanksgiving with a small immediate family–this is basically the kind of holiday I always wished for.  Speaking of, if you don’t know what you’re wearing for Thanksgiving, this lace-up sweater would be perfect for the occasion!  Admittedly, I really wasn’t sure about the whole “lace-up” trend. My style has become more and more classic over the years, and I couldn’t decide if it was too trendy for me. I think this sweater really strikes the perfect balance. It’s a really beautiful, and the lace-up elements are still classic without being overly edgy or trendy. (It also helped that I tied it in a bow). It’s so cozy, a bit oversized, and perfect for disguising second (third?) helpings of stuffing   I know you’ve heard me talk about these jeans on Instagram, and I really love them! I hadn’t owned a pair of black jeans in years and I’m so excited about them. I was walking by the Levi’s store down the street from my house and decided to go in on a whim. I’m so glad that I did! I love that these are high-rise but not ridiculously high. They’re skinny but not TOO skinny, and are really comfortable and soft. Plus, you can get them for $35 on Zappos!!  If you’re looking for more jean recommendations, my favorite brands are typically Paige denim and  J Brand. They’ve always fit me really well, are always flattering and really well-made. A great pair of jeans like these will last you a lifetime!  The best part about this outfit is that it can easily be swapped for heels for a more dressy occasion (i.e. if your family does the more “dressy-casual” thing on Thanksgiving). Here, I wore my black lace-up flats for a more everyday look. I love classic combinations like this for running errands, coffee meetings, and the like. It’s put-together, but still so comfortable! (This lipstick–MAC lipstick in “Diva” is also my new obsession! GAH it’s so good!)  Okay, I’m off to the “snack car” to get more wine. I’ll see you back here on Monday   Also, if you have a free moment this weekend, make sure to peruse our Winter Guide! (Best accompanied with a donut and delicious cup of coffee.)  xo      Shop this post:    Photos by Jules Kennedy  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristina Anderson says  November 18, 2016 at 8:18 am That bridesmaid dress is gorgeous!!!! Enjoy the wedding, and good luck without your coat!  Kristina does the Internets 
Rachel Spross says  November 18, 2016 at 8:55 am That sweater is just the cutest! Love the lace-up detail  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/silk-ruffles/ 
Diana Pearl says  November 18, 2016 at 12:42 pm Love that sweater! I agree I’ve been on the fence about the lace-up trend but you just may have convinced me  Enjoy the wedding!! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com […] Source: The Golden Girl […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Sweatpants, Blue Jumpsuits, Black Turtleneck Sweaters, Black Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 21, 2016     Ankle booties: c/o indigo rd, available at Francesca’s (stay tuned for an outfit photo coming with these coming soon, too!) // Skirt: Nordstrom (on sale for $23! This one is identical, and I’m OBSESSED with this navy asymmetrical suede number, too! // Blouse: Topshop at Nordstrom (also comes in white–size tip: runs small, but if you prefer a more fitted look, order your regular size. For a looser size, go up!I’m wearing a size 2, which fits like a 0.) If you love this color, you’ll also love this ruffle top that I’ve got my eye on, and also love this wrap-front version in the same color!  // Clutch: Vintage, but I love this Rebecca Minkoff version in the same color (I have it in black!) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Sure, we all know about Navy Pier, The Hancock Building and the Sears (locals refuse to acknowledge the “Willis” name change) Tower SkyDeck–all good things to experience once in a lifetime, but Chicago is even more magical when you get off the beaten path. Today I’m so excited to partner with indigo rd (you first saw them here!) to bring you part two of my three-part Chicago themed series, where I share my favorite spots to shop, play, and eat in the windy city! If you’re looking to experience Chi-town like a local (or if you just really like cute fall outfits) you’re going to love this post! Here are some of my can’t-miss activities: One of my favorite buildings in the city is the Flatiron Arts Building (pictured here!) Not only is it cool to look at, but it’s one of the most unique things you’ll ever find in the city. The flat iron is essentially a maze of studios home to local artists, which is free and open to the public. I first stumbled upon it exploring Wicker Park with my mom, and we had so much fun meeting artists, getting to know them, and watching what they were working on. They also hold “First Friday” events every month, which serve as an “open house” of sorts. Of course you’ve heard of Second City–everyone has–which is unreal (and I’d totally recommend it) but did you know the source that feeds all those amazing comedians into Second City? IO Theatre! If you want a ton of fun without the Second City price tag, IO is definitely worth a trip! One of my new favorite things about being a Wicker Park resident–easy access to the 606. Also known as the Bloomingdale Trail, this is a brand new bike & walking path that connects Chicago’s coolest western neighborhoods–Bucktown, Wicker Park, Logan Square, and Humboldt Park. It’s a great way to get around and there are tons of really cool bars and restaurants along the way. (Sweet Rice has some of the best ever Thai food and Scofflaw is one of my favorite cocktail bars in the city!) Chicago is home to some pretty fun jazz clubs–the Green Mill being the most famous of them all, and believed to be the oldest running jazz club in the country. An old Capone hangout, it’s also rumored to have underground tunnels that mobsters used to frequent to get in and out of the club. It’s still known as the best place to catch some live jazz. If you aren’t up for the hike up North, Andy’s Jazz Club in River North also has a lot of history and is a great time! Quite a few local breweries have cropped up in Chicago in recent years–the most famous is Lagunitas, which has a massive brewery on the Near West Side, it has a great bar and offers tours! Revolution Brewing near Logan Square has an awesome taproom and they brew some of my favorite beer! (Rosa is my go-to in the summer, and Neal loves their IPA.) I’ve heard great things about Hopwell as well, and it’s on my list to check out! Yes, not exactly a specific “activity” per say, but Pilsen is one of the coolest up and coming neighborhoods that tourists virtually know nothing about. Not only is it home to the best Mexican food in Chicago (Los Comales!) but it has tons of artists (they also have “first friday” art walk events!) and my favorite bar destination–Thalia Hall, which has 3 bars in one (You definitely need to check out all of them–Dusek’s, Punch House, and Tack Room!) in addition to being a concert venue. — Okay, so we talked local activities, now onto this outfit! I love lovee the color of these suede booties along with the lace-up detail in the back. The heel and almond toe is also so flattering–plus, they’re super comfortable! I went for a monochrome look with this pretty pink feminine blouse and a wine-hued mini skirt. (Perfect for a night out to one of Chicago’s Jazz Clubs mentioned above!) Speaking of what to wear–just for the record, Chicago is probably one of the easiest cities to visit when it comes to dress code (okay, yes, I admit you DO need a lot of layers if you visit in the winter) because you can get away with wearing jeans pretty much anywhere, but we also love a good excuse to dress up from time to time. Essentially–it’s pretty hard to be overdressed or underdressed, which is why versatile staples like these are such wardrobe heroes! (Gotta love the Midwest, right?)     This post brought to you in partnership with Indigo Rd. Thank you for supporting the brands that help keep this site up and running!  Photos by Julie Kennedy Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style  
Carly | The Clydescope says  October 21, 2016 at 7:50 am Dying to come visit!! 
Rachel Spross says  October 21, 2016 at 8:04 am Great post! I love Chicago, I need to get back there sometime soon! I also love your booties. So cute! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/fall-set/ 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  October 21, 2016 at 10:05 am Great ideas Jess! Love this outfit too! 
Kristina Anderson says  October 21, 2016 at 10:32 am If you liked the Flatiron you should check out the Fine Arts Building, which is a block down from the Art Institute. It’s a similar thing in a really old historic building. The Architecture Foundation is right near there too and has a really cool huge model of downtown Chicago.  Kristina does the Internets 
Sara Mendoza says  October 21, 2016 at 10:57 pm I’m not sure if it’s just me but I have a hard time reading where your outfits are from, the print looks really light, especially everything that’s in yellow/orange print??  Love your outfit! 
Jess says  November 7, 2016 at 1:25 pm Thanks Sarah! My Aunt told me the same thing, it’s not just you ;-P I just made the link color darker, is that better? 
Sara Mendoza says  November 8, 2016 at 11:55 pm Yes!!! 
Annie says  October 22, 2016 at 5:12 pm Those are totally your colors! That outfit is to die for.  (Love the content, too, of course.) 
Tracy Coble says  October 23, 2016 at 9:37 pm Those colors look so good on you! I can’t wait to try some of these the next time I’m in town. I feel like I’m always looking for new things to try when I’m visiting. Also your long hair looks amazing! 
Mariana García says  October 24, 2016 at 6:40 pm I know I should comment on the content but that outfit is way to cute!! Love everything!! 
chic or geek says  November 7, 2016 at 11:41 am I’m headed to Chicago this week for a solo work trip, and this post gave me some great ideas for exploring the city by myself! I’ve never been, and I’m so excited to get to know the city beyond deep dish pizza and checking out The Bean. 
Alix Kelsey says  April 12, 2017 at 3:25 pm Hi! I’ve been following your blog for the last couple years – love it all, especially how your voice and content is so genuine and honest  I’m coming to Chicago in July (can’t wait) with one of my girlfriends. We love to explore our way through cities mainly by eating and drinking, seeing live music, and checking out the art/culture of the city– so thanks for this post and the one about rooftop bars, we will definitely be using both lists! I was wondering if you have a couple ideas of good places to stay where we will be within good walking/public transport distance of some fun “anti-tourist” spots? Any advice would be so great! Thanks again for the content and fun you produce daily! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Metallic Pumps Shoes, Triangle Bikinis Tops, White Bikinis Bottom, Designer Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 4, 2016   Being someone who is constantly on the go, I have a bit of a Mary Poppins bag complex. You know, the girl who’s always lugging a giant bag around with her seemingly stuffed with one of everything you can think of? (Yesterday I even had TWO bags, and a guy in Blair’s building started laughing at me when I stepped into the elevator. How embarrassing. #BAGLADY) But I don’t cart around several pounds of “stuff” just for fun. I like to be prepared, as I’m often bouncing around from coffee shop to coffee shop, running around town to shoot, heading to events, meetings, you name it–the only thing that’s a constant is what I carry in my purse! Read on for my list of essentials, and the perfect bag to stash them in. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  Gigi New York has some great handbags I’ve been eyeing for, let’s be honest, years now! So when I opened up my mailbox to see this bright and cheery beauty, you know I squealed a little! This tote is honestly the perfect size. It’s on the smaller side when it comes to totes, but is super roomy and large enough to fit my computer and everything else I might need for the day! Which, speaking of–let’s get into that, shall we?     1. Macbook: Fairly self explanatory! I have the 13 inch Macbook pro with retina screen–in case you’re wondering  I chose this over the Air because I needed something with more memory and bandwidth, because I have A LOT of photos and needed to use this frequently for design software.  2. Macbook charger + Phone Charger: My go-to trick is to keep all your chargers and cords in a dust bag–re-purposed from the last pair of nice shoes, or purse that you purchased! Dust bags are usually the perfect size for this, and they prevent your cords from getting tangled in your other items, plus, they keep them clean! (Those Mac cords get dirty so fast!)   3. Healthy but satisfying snacks: Apples, oranges, or bananas are always my go-to to keep in my bag. Trail mix is also another popular contender. Hey, what can I say? I’m always hungry! I don’t always have time to grab lunch at a normal hour, so something small keeps me going and wards off the hanger.  4. Wallet: Fairly self explanatory, wallets are obviously an essential.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

5. On the go perfume: Perfume for me serves many roles–one being, obviously, to ensure I always smell nice. But more than that, there’s something about your favorite perfume can do wonders for your mood! It’s the perfect pick-me-up. Want to know the kind I carry with me in my purse? I actually buy it at Whole Foods! This Amber Oil smells absolutely incredible! It comes in a teeny tiny bottle that can fit in any purse, and the scent is so light and fresh, when you catch a whiff of it–you can’t quite put your finger on what it is, but you’re instantly addicted!   6. Wrinkle Spray: This stuff is AMAZING. Straight up MAGIC I tell you. I cannot stand wrinkled clothes and will be horribly self conscious if I’m out and about with wrinkles on my shirt. That being said, whenever I know I’ll be shooting, I always bring wrinkle release spray with me. Since I usually go from shooting to dinner, a meeting, drinks, etc–and my clothes inevitably get shoved in my bag or on the floor in between shoots, wrinkle spray is a lifesaver.  7. Pinch Provisions Mini-mergency Kit: You never know when you’re going to need a needle and thread, forget to apply deodorant, or spill something on your white dress. This little emergency kit is adorable and has everything you might need for a wardrobe or life malfunction on the go.  8. Sunglasses: Despite the crazy weather, Chicago is usually sunny a large majority of the time, so sunglasses are always a must! Ray Bans are always my go to–there’s nothing more classic than a great pair of aviators! My favorites are black aviators, my fold up aviators, and classic wayfarers.   9. Mini pack of tissues: I mean, you’ve gotta have tissues. These slim pack tissues are my favorite, because they aren’t as bulky as regular tissues, and they have super cute packaging! Tissues come in handy not just for obvious reasons, but to aid in makeup malfunctions, comfort an emotional friend, for cleaning up the half-glass of wine you just spilled all over the table…. 10. Productivity Planner: Remember this post on productivity? Well I ordered my own Productivity Planner! I just recently started using it and have to say I really love it so far. Whenever I’m working at a coffee shop or with friends, I always bring it with me to keep me on task.  11. Catch-all pouch: I use a catch-all pouch to hold all of my essentials–like lip balm, lipsticks, hair ties, perfume, and smaller items. That way, when I need to switch purses, all I do is pick up the pouch and move it from one to the other. (This one is actually what my Glossier products came in!)   12. Extra hair ties & bobby pins: I’m always losing my hair ties, so having extras on hand is always necessary! I often find that when I’m out all day, my hair ends up looking a little lack-luster, so having some bobby pins on-hand allows me to throw it back into a messy chignon between work and dinner. (P.S. How cute are these gold bobby pins?)  13. Vaseline Lip Tins: Remember when I told you here that I have one of these tins in every room of my house? I also always make sure to have some in my purse! Vaseline Lip Therapy Tins are truly are my favorite, especially the Rosy Lips! My lips get so dry in both winter and summer, and this formula really lasts a long time!  Even better? Gigi New York’s new lip balm holders, made especially for Vaseline Lip Tins! Not only does this cute little holder make it more fun to put on lip balm, but it clips to the inside of your bag, making it easy to find–no more rifling though my bag trying to find my lip balm! (Seriously, on the train a couple weeks ago, I spent FIVE whole minutes trying to find my lip tin. My headaches are over. #BagLady) For a limited time (now through March 19th!) you can get a free monogrammed Vaseline Lip Tin and adorable monogrammed Gigi New York lip balm holder for yourself, with any Gigi New York personalized handbag purchase of $100 or more! You can also purchase it separately, (monogrammed at no charge!) along with a customized lip tin!     This post was sponsored by Vaseline, a brand I love and use every day! Thank you for supporting the brands that keep GG up and running!  Filed Under: Lifestyle, Personal notes, Style  
Kelly in the City says  March 4, 2016 at 10:08 am Oh my goodness, Jessica Keys. THE DUST BAG IDEA?! Genius. And how haven’t we spoke about this. You would think that by now, I would have accidentally stolen your bag and figured out what you carry around on a daily basis…  Also: YAY MATCHING GIGI TOTES #twinninggggggg — I see a feature in our futures… xx Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Jess says  March 4, 2016 at 4:31 pm HAHAH I don’t know how I haven’t taught you this before! It’s the best! Maybe because we’ve always been preoccupied with Noodle eating my lip balm out of my tote. 
Maggie says  March 4, 2016 at 3:55 pm Love these ideas for what to carry! Thanks Jess! Also loooove Blair’s rug. So jealous 
-Maggie  http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Jess says  March 4, 2016 at 4:30 pm HAHA! Right? I specifically was like “I need to shoot this at Blair’s so I can use her rug”  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  March 6, 2016 at 8:18 pm Super cute!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Printed Blouses, Designer Gowns On Sale, Wide Leg Jeans, Grey Sweatpants and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 12, 2017   Is it just me, or does it seem like there was JUST an awesome Shopbop sale a few weeks back? (Crazy enough, that was February. Two months back! Yikes! Where does the time go!?) Well, exciting news. Their latest sale just launched today and there are two awesome offers to take advantage of…




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Today, I’m highlighting some of my favorite Shopbop purchases that just came in earlier this week! (Andddd perfect timing: They’re all part of the sale!) Make sure to use code EVENT17 at checkout! I’ll be styling them on the blog soon, but until then, here’s the scoop on what I bought, sizing, fit, and more! I own a slip tank (is that even a term?) that looks exactly like this and I wear it everywhere–dressed up, dressed down, winter or summer. I knew I needed a classic black slip dress to add to my collection and was waiting for the perfect one–here it is! Splendid is a brand I’ve worn for years (starting in high school!) They’re known for their super soft materials and relaxed, classic fits. This slip dress is just as I expected–insanely soft with a relaxed, romantic silhouette. Sizing & Fit: Splendid’s fit is more relaxed than others, so size down if you prefer more form fitted. It will look so cute with a belt around the waist, too! I ordered a small, but considering exchanging for an XS. Alright, alright. You guys, I’m not going to lie. I spent the better half of 20 minutes trying to make this shirt look good on a hanger for the photo. Let’s just call it what it is: This shirt does NOT look good on a hanger, people. (Let’s hope I never find myself working in retail, because I would be fired immediately.) HOWEVER. While it looks like a preppy pirate garage bag on the hanger, it looks really freaking amazing on your body. The sleeves are so. Dang. Cute. The neckline is so flattering, and I love how it’s a wrap shirt that wraps around and ties in a bow in the front! Sizing: True to size, I wear a small! This is my first piece from the Cupcakes and Cashmere line, and I have to say, I’m really impressed! Also, it’s REALLY cool wearing a piece of clothing your favorite blogger designed! This shirt has navy stripes, and I love the sweetheart neckline and button detail!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Sizing: Runs big up top. If you typically need more room in the bust, order your regular size. If not, order a size down! I loveee comfy t-shirts. I also lovveee stripes. Anddddd ruffles. BAM. Hello, dream t-shirt. I thought this Splendid tee would mix up my t-shirt collection a little with the fancy ruffle sleeves and all. How cute does it look with high-waisted jean shorts?! Something my younger self didn’t know would be so difficult when envisioning myself in my late twenties: shopping for jean shorts. Or, Jorts. As I like to call them. Fun fact: Freshman year of college I volunteered to participate in a sorority intramural flag football game (I know, this sounds ludicrous. I was new and REALLY trying to make friends). Not being athletically inclined, I showed up in a pair of jean shorts. I realized this was an embarrassing oversight when everyone else was wearing nike running shorts and zip-ups. Two girls on the opposing team jokingly started taunting me–”WHO’S COVERING JORTS!?” “GUYS DON’T WORRY, I GOT JORTS COVERED!” Obviously, we became great friends. So every time I pull on a pair of jorts, I think of Abby and Grace. So, to bring this full circle, I’ve always loved jorts. I just have been struggling lately on what jorts are age-appropriate for an almost 29 year old. The answer: high-waisted, cuffed, not too long-not too short, Levi’s Wedgie Shorts. YAY! Sizing & Fit: I find that Levi’s are typically true to size. (I wear a 26). So that’s what I ordered. I will say, if they were any smaller, they would be too small, but they fit just perfectly. They also have some give to them. I wore them around the house all day yesterday and they were really comfortable. They aren’t TOO high-rise, they come to about my belly button, and they have a 4″ inseam, so they cover your behind but don’t look like mom shorts. (Sorry mom.)  Truth be told I honestly didn’t realize how much Splendid stuff I bought until I wrote this post, haha! The “Colleen” sandals are my first pair of Splendid shoes and I have to say I really love them. I typically buy one pair of all-purpose sandals each summer and wear them 7 days a week for almost every occasion, andddd I think I’ve found them  They also come in black! Sizing & Fit: Runs true to size, I wear an 8 in flats. They’re really comfortable and don’t rub in any weird places. The leather is soft but not that buttery soft kind that gets stained in 5 seconds. All in all, perfect summer sandals.  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Britney Crawley says  April 12, 2017 at 7:31 am Great pieces, Jess! Can’t wait to see how you style these- especially the ruffle sleeve top! Loved your caption about trying to get it to look good on the hanger. A for effort.  
The Vibrant Enthusiast says  April 12, 2017 at 11:32 pm Love the Wedgie shorts, Jess! Always wanted to try that line from Levi’s! 
Diana Pearl says  April 13, 2017 at 9:31 am I love those shorts! I have the Wedgie jeans and I’m obsessed. I’m sure I’d love the shorts version just the same IRL  x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Wedge Shoes, High Heeled Pumps, Straw Bags, Cutout Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 6, 2016   Vest: c/o Vineyard Vines // Boots: c/o Sorel Slimpack Riding Boots (also see them here) // Scarf: Vintage // Gingham shirt: Old, but similar here (on sale for $38.50!) // Earrings: c/o Laguna Pearl, also similar here and budget friendly version here! // Bag: c/o Vera Bradley (one of my favorite bags, and it’s on sale!) // Bracelet: J.Crew and Kendra Scott // Jeans: Henry & Belle (identical here, here and budget friendly versions here and here) // Lips: MAC Matte Lipstick in Lady Danger // Other notable makeup: Clinique liquid eyeliner (I’ve never been able to master it before, and this pen makes it SO easy!), and BareMinerals BareSkin Serum Foundation.   
This past weekend, Neal and I ventured to Pilsen–an area so close to us, but we haven’t really taken advantage of! It’s an up and coming neighborhood just south of where we live, full of amazing shops, cool bars, and the BEST Mexican food in the city. (Seriously, what’s not to love?)  It was pretty freezing out (understatement), so I bundled up with my Vineyard Vines vest layered under my Barbour coat (Nordstrom has them back in stock, by the way!) I always forget how much I love vests until I pull them out of my closet. They’re really the best layering item, and they add so much extra warmth! (I also love this version, this version, this version and this version, if you’re in the mood for some vest hunting.) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

It had been so nice and warm until the day I got home from Oregon (of course, funny how those things work, right?!) so I was glad I had my Sorel boots to easily trek through the snow and ice. This purse is also a lifesaver whenever we go out exploring. It doesn’t look like it holds that much stuff, but it actually perfectly fits my giant camera, as well as all my necessities. It’s like a Mary Poppins bag!  If you’re up for exploring Pilsen too, here are some of my favorite, can’t-miss spots!   First up, we hit Los Comales (the 18th Street location) for some amazing tacos. Neal and I both got steak tacos and they were some of the best I’ve had. Then we ventured down 18th street and popped into some great vintage stores: Pilsen Vintage, Knee Deep Vintage, and Comet Vintage. Neal scored this AMAZING vintage Burberry coat from the 70’s (seriously, so cool.) for only $90 at Knee Deep. Then, I found the cutest feminine pink dress at Comet, which is hands-down the most well-organized, cleanest, most pristine vintage store I’ve EVER been into (and I’ve been in a LOT!) I’m getting the dress altered to be a bit shorter, but you’ll probably be seeing it on the blog soon! (P.S. I never really talk about vintage here, would you like to hear more about it? I used to be a vintage rat, but I’ve gotten away from it over the past few years. I’d love to start acquiring more vintage pieces again!)  After that, we stopped into Lost Girls Vintage, and Modern Cooperative, which is an amazing combo clothing/furniture store with a ton of swoonworthy Mid Century finds. I wanted to buy one of everything!  Finally, we wrapped up with a celebratory drink at Dusek’s, which is part of Thalia Hall, AKA one of the coolest buildings I’ve been into in Chicago. We want to come back for a show sometime soon!   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

        Shop this post:    P.S. If you’re in the mood to shop, don’t miss an extra 40% off sale items at J.Crew today, 70% off all sale items at Ann Taylor, limited time savings on Nordstrom Home, and ton’s of items just added to the sale section at ShopBop! Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style  
Public Lives, Secret Recipes says  January 6, 2016 at 8:30 am This look is too cute!! Happy New Year! xo
http://publiclivessecretrecipes.com/2016/01/creme-brulee-french-toast.html 
Liz Pham says  January 6, 2016 at 9:35 am I love going to Pilsen! You have to check out the Churro Factory and get the churros and mexican hot chocolate  
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  January 6, 2016 at 10:11 am These are such cute photos of you! One of the things I want to be better at in 2016 is exploring more Chicago neighborhoods… it’s easy to stick to your own local favorites, ya know? xo, Laura
brightandbeautifulblog.com 
Kristina Anderson says  January 6, 2016 at 10:53 am I love Dusek’s, so good!! And I’m sad that Nuevo Leon burned down, that was one of my favorite Pilsen spots.  Kristina does the Internets 
Olivia says  January 6, 2016 at 11:41 am It’s always fun exploring a new area! It’s definitely winter here in the Midwest now, and this is the perfect outfit for staying warm! Baubles to Bubbles 
Emily says  January 6, 2016 at 12:11 pm Life goal: Look like Jess every day. Seriously, you are so darn cute I can’t stand it. Can I just have your whole wardrobe, please? Mmmkay thanks. Miss you! Isn’t That Charming. & Wandeleur 
CharminglyStyled says  January 6, 2016 at 12:32 pm You are so stinking cute! I’m hoping to spend most weekends exploring a new part of the city, so this is great inspiration  xx 
Natalie @ Natalie Was Here says  January 6, 2016 at 12:42 pm Oooo Lost Girls Vintage and Modern Cooperative sound like my kind of stores! Looking fab, as always. xo,
Natalie | Natalie Was Here 
Kelly in the City says  January 6, 2016 at 5:03 pm I LOVEEEEE this look, Jess! And the vest? Omgggg. Gotta love that VV!!! Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Sara Mendoza says  January 6, 2016 at 7:35 pm Thalia Hall is so cool, saw ‘The Hush Sound’ a few weeks back….. […] when I told you Pilsen was our new favorite place to hang out? Well, I wasn’t kidding! We went back there on Friday night and had tacos at Taqueria Iguala […] […] if you’re not a Hunter gal, be sure to check out my other favorite rain boots here and here!) I love them so much! They come in real handy for stomping through the salt and slush that is ALL […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heeled Booties, Lariats, Denim Mini Skirts, White Sheath Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 3, 2016  Happy long weekend! What are your plans over the next few days? Yesterday we went to the Cubs game with some friends, hung out with our neighbors and ended the night with late night tacos. (I.E. our ideal Friday.) Now we’re getting ready to head to the lake in a couple hours (but not before attempting to put together our latest IKEA purchases. (#Adulting.) There are quite a few sales going on this weekend, but there were several pieces that really stood out to me–shop my favorite on-sale finds below. (Before they sell out!)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                Filed Under: Shop  
Mary Fremeau says  September 4, 2016 at 8:44 pm OMG! just got the Loft bell-sleeved blouse for back to school (I’m a teacher!), and it looks so great on! The navy is adorbs, too! Hope you have a fab LDW!
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Floral Long Dresses, Black And White Jumpsuit, Modest Dresses, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 6, 2017   **Click play to watch the video!** You guys, I can’t believe the big day is here! If you’ve been following along on Instagram stories, you know I’ve been excitedly awaiting the big reveal of my brand new series! I haven’t been this giddy about a project in…I don’t remember how long? This idea for this series came about a couple of different ways: First, the realization that I often wear the same key items over and over for all different occasions. Plus the fact that I wasn’t really wasn’t showing you all the ways I was wearing them. Second, when I asked you guys on your opinion on what you wanted to see on my blog style-wise, I heard that you wanted more inspiration on how to get more wear out of the pieces you already love (and inspiration on what else you needed to buy to fill the holes in your wardrobe)–a lightbulb went off! So, here we are–the first edition of my brand new series (thank you to all who voted on the name!)…drumroll… (Neal told me that it shouldn’t include the word “remix” because everyone would just think of R.Kelly, but he got vetoed.) Here’s how it works: The first week of each month, I will release a new monthly “capsule wardrobe” list, which will contain a fresh mix of items. Many of these will be items you already own. Think skinny jeans, or black pumps. Some will also be more on-trend pieces–like an off the shoulder sweater, or leather leggings. In the weeks following (in addition to my regular outfit posts) I’ll release four additional posts in continuation of the Capsule Wardrobe Remix series. These posts will show you how to style one featured item multiple ways for multiple occasions. For example, from the office, to date night, to travel, to Sunday morning brunch, and everything in between. (You’ll see the first one next week–but you can get a sneak peak in the video above! Remember, this post is just the reveal of October’s items!) I encourage you to take away what works best for you each month–and leave what you don’t! You can make it a challenge and stick closely to the items outlined, or pick and choose as you like. If an item isn’t your style, feel free to substitute something that is, and play around! My dream for this series is that it will spark your imagination and help you evolve your style in new and interesting ways! Even more exciting! Along with the outfit photos, as you may have guessed from the video above, I’ll be releasing short, fun videos that highlight the outfits, too! (This part will be more of a test, Cassandra and I will see how we like doing them and if I can keep up with them, haha! Make sure to let us know your feedback and if you’d like to continue seeing more video!) So–let’s jump into this month’s capsule wardrobe remix list–yes?    Leather leggings: I chose leather leggings to lead us off because I think they’re very daunting for most people. It’s easy to get fooled into thinking they’re a one-trick pony. (They’re not, guys! I’ll prove it!) I’ve had mine for years, but Nordstrom has a ton of them in stock and I’ve heard amazing things about this Spanx pair in particular. (With a control top, even better!)  Skinny Jeans: No-brainer, I live in skinny jeans, in particular, the Rag & Bone skinny jeans. I love the raw hem but you prefer a classic hem, there is also this option! Boyfriend jeans: I chose boyfriend jeans because they offer a completely different look than skinny jeans. If you’re looking to make your outfit look more chic and trendy, I think boyfriend jeans are an excellent way to do it. I recently got this pair from Everlane that I love. (Note: pay attention to sizing tips on their site!) Leopard loafers: You’ll be seeing a LOT of these leopard loafers on this blog, because they really do make every outfit look instantly more stylish. Leopard always adds a ton of visual interest to any outfit. Plus, they are truly the most comfortable shoes I have ever put on my feet. They required zero break-in, no blisters–ever!  Black pumps: I’ve owned this particular pair of Sam Edelman pumps for years. They’re slingbacks, and they’ve since been discontinued, but this pair is super similar in the d’Orsay style. This ankle strap version is adorable, too! I love Sam Edelman shoes (Nordstrom has a good selection and Shopbop’s selection is also diverse and totally different) They’re one of my go-to brands for footwear.  Black OTK boots: I own two pairs of black OTK boots. In this month’s series, I’ll be styling the Stuart Weitzman Lowlands, but I always refer people to the Blondo Olivia’s, which I also own and love, if they want something more budget-friendly.  Heeled Booties: I chose one pair of booties that are light tan in color–the reason for this is because tan and/or light grey are probably the most versatile color you can choose in a pair of booties! Additionally, something with a low heel will allow you to wear them both day and night seamlessly. Not to mention, actually be able to walk in them!  These booties by 1.State go with everything I own, they are SO comfy, and are only $99! I love the shape of the toe. Plus, the fact that they’re cut out in the back too adds a little more visual interest! Because of the shape and color, they also help to elongate your leg, which is hard to find in a bootie, as most of the time they can cut you off at the ankles and make your legs look stubby!  White Sneakers: It’s no secret that I love my white sneakers. I’ve just about worn these Jack Purcells into the ground. Keds or white Converse are also great options. They are comfortable once you break them in and they look so classic, crisp, and timeless. They’re fantastic for travel and I often wear them to bop around the city on the weekends.  Striped tee: I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again–when in doubt, choose a layer with stripes! I’ve found that classic black and white stripes add a lot more visual interest to your outfit than just a standard grey or white t-shirt. Plus, they look really cute mixed with other patterns, like leopard, or plaid! Again, mine featured here is old but this one is basically the exact same! I also love the striped “Perfect Tee” from J.Crew! White button down: Often, the classic white button down gets forgotten about once you’ve moved past that “first office job post college” phase–and it’s a shame! White button downs are one of my favorite layers all year round. They look adorable with jean shorts and just as cute layered under sweaters, over leather leggings, or tucked into boyfriend jeans. If you’re looking to look polished and classy but still chic and on-trend, this is one of the easiest ways to do it! Silk tank: You’ve seen me live in these this past summer–and I use the term “silk” loosely–honestly, any thin, flowy camisole will do the trick. Everlane makes some especially beautiful ones! I also love this burgundy one for only $29! In this capsule, I chose black. Again, to me, it’s the most versatile color. You can play around with another shade if it suits your fancy. Black t-shirt dress: I kind of think this was the unsung hero of this month’s capsule–you’ll see why, but I am in LOVE with this black t-shirt dress. (Comes in navy, too!) I wear it ev-er-y-where. It’s great on the plane, out to dinner, to the office, on a date–later on, I even show you a sneaky hidden belt trick to make it shorter when you want to go out on the town  Get excited. Oh, and they just came out with this turtleneck sweater dress I have my eye on, too! I love the company that makes it–Lolë–they are based in Canada and are such a wonderful company with a huge heart. They make amazing workout clothes, too! (You’ll remember them from this post, this post, and the sweater vest I wore here!) Capsule Wardrobe Staples–Top layers:  Chunky cardigan: Another one you got a little glimpse of a few outfit posts back–this sweater by Free People (I also love this similar one) is so soft and cozy it’s to-die for! Cardigans are essentials in the fall and winter because of how easily you can throw them on over whatever you’re wearing. This one is great to keep at your desk or pull on when you wake up on a cool October morning! (Or…January morning, let’s be real. Haha!) Convertible sweater: This sweater, you guys, is probably one of the most versatile things you could buy this entire year. It’s both cowl neck and off the shoulder. You can wear it as a tunic or tuck it into high-waisted jeans or even a skirt. There are ENDLESS ways you can wear it and to top it off, it just might be one of the softest things I’ve ever purchased. (Oh, it comes in lot’s of colors too!) Trench coat: I purchased this trench by London Fog last Spring before my trip to London and it is one of my very favorite coats for both Fall and Spring. It has a detachable hood as well as a removable liner. Which unlike a lot of coats, does add a significant amount of warmth. I absolutely adore it and it’s one of my favorite jackets. It looks super chic for work, and just as pretty for dinner or a stroll around the neighborhood. Leather jacket: I now own two leather jackets–one brown and one black. The black one is my newest addition and I don’t know what took me so long to get one! I definitely love both colors and I think whichever color is best for you just depends on your preferences. The one I feature this month is sadly sold out but this one from Bernardo is similar. Bernardo makes a ton of really quality leather jackets that always get rave reviews. This one from This one from BlankNYC is also super cute and under $100! (I’ll also be linking more options down below). Leopard clutch: For the same reasons as I sing the praises of the leopard loafer, I love this leopard clutch. (Nordstrom actually has a TON of different leopard clutches right now!) I’m a huge fan of it for going out because it brightens up even the most basic outfit. Plus, it’s such a steal for less than $50 and it looks and feels like the designer version. Leather tote: The Madewell Transport tote making the capsule wardrobe cut comes as a shock to absolutely none of you, I am sure. It’s my everything bag. Work, travel, groceries–whatever, this is always the bag I’m reaching for and it comes in several styles and colors as well. Crossbody: I was so on the fence when I purchased this crossbody (it’s Rebecca Minkoff’s ‘Love’ bag in size small!) as to whether or not I would wear it, but I’d have to say it’ snow become one of my most reached for bags. I really love the fact that it’s olive, which is a neutral, but a really fun mix-up from the typical tan or grey. Although my exact version is no longer available, this one is nearly identical, just slightly larger! Neck scarf: Another one that won’t shock you a bit ? I’m a huge fan of the dainty neck scarf (I love this one from J.Crew!) and I think it’s the perfect accessory to add a little French inspiration to your outfit. I own over a dozen! eBay is a great place to get vintage ones, too! Plaid scarf: Of course, what fall wardrobe is complete without a plaid scarf? I love this one, this one, this one and this one, if you’re in the market for a new one! I love this one, this one, this one, and this one! (Make sure to check back weekly as I release the next post in the series!)  Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Outfits, Style Tagged With: capsule wardrobe, capsule wardrobe remix 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  October 6, 2017 at 8:40 am Eeeek I’m so excited about this series!! You always look so perfectly polished, while sticking to awesome classic pieces – I can’t wait to see how you style them! 
Jess says  October 6, 2017 at 9:52 am Aw thank you Aoife!! 
Lisa Pighetti says  October 6, 2017 at 9:43 am Great idea, Jess! I love how you’ve executed this with video! 
Jess says  October 6, 2017 at 9:51 am Thank you so much, Lisa!! I hope you’re doing great!  
Caitlin says  October 6, 2017 at 9:54 am I love the new series Jess! 
Jess says  October 6, 2017 at 1:03 pm So glad to hear that, Caitlin!! 
Britney Crawley says  October 6, 2017 at 10:04 am Love this! I saw your video on Facebook, and it  was so cute that I watched it again here.  I love investing in pieces that can be worn multiple ways for multiple occasions, so I totally resonate with the capsule wardrobe trend. Love the graphic too! 
Jess says  October 6, 2017 at 1:03 pm Thanks Britney! 
Melanie Coy says  October 6, 2017 at 11:02 am OMG! Your video is too cute and it cracked me up because I totally know you are laughing at yourself. Hahhah! Love that you did the capsule wardrobe though. I will absolutely “dress like Jess”.  
Jess says  October 6, 2017 at 1:03 pm Hahaha Melanie you know me too well  
lucia goyanes says  October 6, 2017 at 11:26 am Love this video Jess! It was a bit fast for me though  The outfits are super cute and you only need a couple of basics! 
Jess says  October 6, 2017 at 1:02 pm Hi Lucia! I’m so glad you liked it!! Haha! That was the point  It’s just a sneak peak of the full outfits to come! 
Shannon Daigle says  October 6, 2017 at 11:52 am I’m so excited for this series, and especially to see how you style the leather leggings – I’ve wanted a pair for YEARS, but am a little scared of how to wear them without it feeling like “too much!” I love a minimal/capsule approach and can’t wait to see your take on it. 
Jess says  October 6, 2017 at 1:03 pm So glad to hear that, Shannon!! Yes, I promise you will love leather leggings after that post  
Liz says  October 6, 2017 at 10:22 pm So glad for this series Jess! The video is so CUTE and looks like you have come up with a ton of great remixable looks  
Jess says  October 7, 2017 at 11:22 am Yay!! I’m so glad you like it Liz! 
Amy Kalten says  October 7, 2017 at 8:42 am This is an awesome idea! I can’t wait to follow along! 
Jess says  October 7, 2017 at 11:22 am Thanks Amy!! I’m so glad that you’re excited to follow along! 
Stacy says  October 7, 2017 at 3:55 pm I’m so excited for this! And you are the most adorable person ever! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Wide Leg Jeans, Leather Watches, Platform Black Heels, Triangle Bikinis Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 28, 2016  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  1. Red Off The Shoulder Dress (styled here!) // 2. Butter Red Nail Polish // 3. Gingham Peplum Top // 4. Scalloped Cut-Out White Dress // 5. Retro Sunnies // 6. Red Lipstick // 7. Blue Eyelet Dress // 8. SuperGoop Sunscreen // 9.  Blue Raffia Jack Rogers // 10. Classic White Denim Shorts // 11. Kai Roll-On Perfume // 12. Straw Beach Bag (only $40!)
What are you up to this 4th of July? Ironically, we will be celebrating America’s birthday in France this year (eeek!) We’re thinking of heading to Normandy for the day though–which will be so cool to see, especially on the 4th of July!  My favorite memories of the holiday growing up included lot’s of watermelon (with salt, of course), walking my dog in my hometown 4th of July parade, BBQ’s, and an annual trip to Old Navy to pick up a new American flag shirt. (Haha! Remember those?)  Needless to say, we will not be rocking any American flag gear this year (much to Neal’s dismay) however, I’m hoping to sport some type of red white and blue–you know, subtly.  If you also prefer the subtle Americana look–I’ve rounded up 12 of my 4th of July essentials–perfect for wherever your 4th of July festivities may take you. Some of my faves include Kai perfume (it seriously smells incredible–like a light and airy beach day with a hint of gardenia–and the little roll-on bottle lasts forever!) this steal of a deal straw beach bag ($40!), and of course, I’m partial to this little red off the shoulder number (back in stock and only $25! See how I styled it here!)  Happy shopping!  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Rachel {Love This Life} says  June 28, 2016 at 8:55 am All of these picks are so cute!!!  I have my eye on that gingham blouse  
Kristina Anderson says  July 1, 2016 at 2:40 am That red dress is adorable!! And lol I always had an Old Navy flag tee  Kristina does the Internets Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Sandals, Gold Lariat Necklaces, Black Flat Sandals, Grey Long Sleeve Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 30, 2013  I was really on the fence about this whole graphic sweater trend for a little while. Maybe it’s really the term “graphic” that turned me off. You know, those horrible Ed Hardy “graphic tee” shirts all the boys wore in college? However, when I saw this laying in my roommates room I thought there was something very charming about it. She let me test it out for a Sunday and I immediately wanted one of my own. I paired it with a black collared shirt with my Shamelessly Sparkly pearl necklace underneath. What do you think of graphic sweaters?    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Sweater: From Fox’s Chicago (similar below), Necklace: c/o ShamelesslySparkly, Jeans: Paige, Boots: BCBG (similar)     Bracelets: JCrew & T&J Designs Shop Graphic Sweaters  Filed Under: Style  
Amy says  January 17, 2014 at 10:18 pm Cute and classy! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Coats, Shoe Wedges On Sale, Black Leggings, Maxi Dresses With Sleeves and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 25, 2013   What I’m Wearing: Sunglasses: Ray Ban,  Coat: BB Dakota, Shirt:H&M, Necklace: Borrowed, Purse: Vintage, Jeans: Paige, Shoes:Zara    I found myself wandering what could be considered off-the-beaten-path on my walk home from work last week. I was drawn a few blocks east of my normal route, onto Michigan Avenue (weird, that’s been happening a lot lately). Anyway, I’m glad that it did, because for whatever reason I continued to wander right into the mens section at H&M and snagged this perfectly cozy plaid flannel shirt that I know I’ll be living in for the next few months. Here I’ve dressed it up with some pointed toe Zara heels and a sparkly necklace, but it will be getting plenty of face time with my leggings and converse too! Some of the best items in my closet have been purchased from either the boys or mens section, probably because a loose-fitting button down or sweater is always one of my winter staples. What are some of your great menswear finds?               Shop the Plaid Flannel Look   Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pump Shoes, Gold And Silver Jewelry, Shoes Wedges, Platform Black Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 22, 2014  The sale we’ve waited for all summer is here! Although we don’t really like to think about the fact that fall is right around the corner, this is one of the best opportunities to score some amazing fall pieces, that won’t (for once) break the bank. A few of my favorites include this Little Red Ted Baker Dress, these Rag & Bone boyfriend jeans that I’ve had my eye on FOREVER, this Loeffler Randall clutch and Sam Edelman booties. Shop all of my favorite picks below! (Okay, fine…a few summer pieces snuck in there too!)   Filed Under: Style  
Carolyn Yuen Marino says  November 30, -0001 at 12:00 am can’t believe I just bought 3 fall jackets… summer, please stay forever! http://heyprettything.com 
jess keys says  July 28, 2014 at 12:52 pm Seriously! Ahh I can’t wait to see what you bought though!! 
Jess Zimlich says  July 22, 2014 at 3:25 pm By some sort of miracle I made it out of Nordstrom without one swipe of my debit card over the weekend. But there is always online…great picks! 
Carolyn Yuen Marino says  July 23, 2014 at 12:48 am can’t believe I just bought 3 fall jackets… summer, please stay forever! http://heyprettything.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Dresses, Silver Sandal Heels, Embellished Sandals, Black Pumps Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 4, 2014   In keeping up with my bloggy New Years resolutions ( since you know, the whole “eat more veggies” thing went out the window mid January — you mean french fries aren’t a vegetable? ) I’m going to continue doing more posts featuring the same item styled different ways!  Remember this striped shirt with the leather cap sleeves I wore with a fringe skirt here? Well, here’s a casual take on it that will have you out the door in 5 minutes. I paired it with my secret weapon — a fancy baseball cap. It’s cute enough to wear just about anywhere (the office, too!) and even tricks people into thinking I wore it for purposes other than covering up my unwashed hair. Since I’m a pattern mixing fiend, I couldn’t resist adding a camo jacket. Really ideal for one of those “I accidentally shut off my alarm instead of pressing snooze” days. Sometimes an “effortless” look takes a lot of effort. This isn’t one of those situations.  Have a happy Tuesday!    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Top: Sanctuary (purchased at Art Effect Chicago) Coated Denim: Paige, Shoes: Converse, Hat: j.crew (similar below), Necklace: Helen Ficalora      Filed Under: Style  
Manda T. says  March 4, 2014 at 3:40 pm Love the fatigue jacket styled with the outfit. Relaxed and cute! xo, Mandahttp://www.iceonthegold.com 
jess keys says  March 10, 2014 at 3:38 am Thanks Manda! 
Halle Waite says  March 4, 2014 at 7:08 pm huge believer in the jcrew wool hats for this winter! love how you styled. hallelifebyhalle.com 
jess keys says  March 10, 2014 at 3:39 am Thanks Halle! Yes, I’ve been loving baseball caps lately! Now I need a spring one  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Mini Bags, Silver Sandals, White Tank Tops, Present Ideas and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 2, 2015     Underthings. They’re a topic that often gets ignored when we talk about style. But why?  You know the power of a great little black dress; of finally finding that perfect shade of long-lasting red lipstick that transforms your entire mood. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

But what about a great fitting bra? Some upgraded undies that you (gasp) didn’t own in college. Something that makes you feel like a million bucks. Or maybe a set of grown-up silk pajamas to replace your old, worn-out sorority tee shirts?  Okay, so you’re with me right? It’s time to upgrade to big girl underthings. So why is it that every time you walk into that big box lingerie store or a giant department store lingerie department you feel…icky? Does anyone actually feel confident in those situations? (Not me!)   That’s why when I discovered Journelle, my heart did a little sigh of relief. Finally–a lingerie store I can actually stomach. I popped into their new Bucktown location to scope it out, and fell in love with their clean, feminine, yet minimalistic vibe, a warm sales clerk who is anything but judgey, and inventory that is 100% beautiful, feminine, and classy–not a racy rhinestone in sight. No hot pink and black, 5-inch thick push-up bras here. Phew! Instead–pristine dressing rooms complete with gorgeous vanities, your very own cushy plush robe, bottled water, and fine chocolates. Oh, and disposable paper thongs so you are not only allowed to try on underwear, but you’ve got the piece of mind to do it in a way that’s 110% clean and yuck-free. (Because let’s be honest–undies are not one size fits all!)  And for whatever reason, if you’re not sold on the in-store experience, just wait until you get a look at their merchandise. They’ve got plenty of everyday basics that strike that impossible-to-achieve balance of functionality and beauty. Think comfy pj’s, gorgeous robes, and perhaps the most beautiful, classic lingerie I’ve ever seen. (The brand’s namesake Journelle line is also to die for, alongside popular brands like Eberjay, La Perla, and a well-curated list of emerging designers, and more.) And then there are the accessories–like the cutest sleeping masks, and even their own signature candle! Plenty of adorable gifts for the girly girl.  So what are you waiting for? Get shopping! Your self confidence (not to mention, your significant other!) will thank you.        
             This post was sponsored by Journelle, but all opinions are 100% my own Filed Under: Style  
Alyssa Thomas says  December 2, 2015 at 8:55 am So many gorgeous pieces! Thank goodness there weren’t any rhinestones… Alyssa | Glitter and Grey 
Jess says  December 2, 2015 at 9:48 am Right!? I wanted the entire store! 
Jess says  December 2, 2015 at 9:48 am Right!? I wanted the entire store! 
Ashley La Fleur says  December 2, 2015 at 8:56 am So cute! 
Jess says  December 2, 2015 at 9:48 am Thanks Ashley!  
Natalie @ Natalie Was Here says  December 2, 2015 at 9:12 am OMG this place! Can they come to Columbus soon?? SO over Victoria and her secret that nobody knows about.  xo,
Natalie | Natalie Was Here 
Jess says  December 2, 2015 at 9:48 am Hahahaha! Right!? Victoria so does not get us. Next time you come to Chicago, you have to pop in! Luckily you can shop all their stuff online too from Columbus!  (P.S. Neal is there on business this week, I’ll tell him to wave at you!) 
Carly says  December 2, 2015 at 9:46 am As a proud member of the itty bitty titty committee, I love any store that offers options that- as you said- don’t have 5 inches of padding. Gotta keep it natural! xo
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Jess says  December 2, 2015 at 10:57 am Haha EXACTLY! Natural all the way girlfriend. 
Devon says  December 2, 2015 at 2:51 pm Omg this is pretty much heaven! They need to come to Cali asap!  xoxo
Devon http://www.seventeendresses.com 
Jess says  December 4, 2015 at 9:06 am Right? I agree! Or maybe you’ll just have to come to Chicago ;-P 
shaheen khan | lows to luxe says  December 2, 2015 at 3:41 pm I mean I love this place!!! Is the robe not the BEST thing ever? You look adorable by the way! 
Jess says  December 4, 2015 at 9:06 am It seriously is the best thing ever. I wanted to take it home!! 
Kelly says  December 2, 2015 at 6:26 pm So pretty! I love the decor, too! Kelly | Kelly Zugay 
Jess says  December 4, 2015 at 9:06 am Right? It’s such a dreamy store to shop!! 
Megan says  December 4, 2015 at 9:23 am So so beautiful!! I am going to check out their site right now. I hope they open a store in North Carolina soon (wishful thinking)! Happy Friday // http://lifeplusbe.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Long Dresses, Black Swimsuit, Candles, Off White Pumps and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 27, 2018   Happy Tuesday, guys! Are you having a good week so far? So excited that it’s in the 50’s this week! Hooray! Spring! Speaking of “spring” (or whatever this weird in-between season is ?)–over the weekend, I found myself, you know, just reaaaallyyy willing it to be spring outside, which is how I spend most winter weekends–so I was doing a little online perusing. One of the trends I love the most that I’m seeing everywhere again (maybe arguable THE #1 trend I love the most) is STRAW BAGS! They’re actually not even trendy–they’re classic–they’ve had their moments in many decades past, and just happen to be popular again right this moment. Straw bags add the perfect springy/summery touch to any outfit and make anything you wear with them–POOF–instantly cuter! Case-in-point–see my outfit above?! (It’s actually from a post last year!) It’s pretty much the most basic outfit ever. Wedgie jeans, a black tank, and my favorite black sandals. It’s my go-to combination in the summer. So the straw bag adds so much personality to what would otherwise be an understated outfit! If you feel the same way but can’t decide which one to pull the trigger on, here are some of my favorites:    I think this is the cutest little bag and is a perfect “going out” vacation purse for when you don’t need much with you, but you want it to be festive! Can’t beat the price, either! Would be great for a festival, too! I love this little box clutch which is great for more dressy occasions in the summer, but equally cute with a pair of white jeans and a pretty top. It would be great for a wedding and since it goes with pretty much everything, you’ll get a ton of wear out of it! The box structure will ensure it doesn’t crush when you travel, which is always essential for out of town trips! The price really can’t be beat on this little black and white beauty! It’s so cute and I love the playful shape! Okay so you can’t tell from the photo but this purse really is a straight-up cylinder! It’s SO fun, and the shape ensures it holds a ton more stuff than a normal purse of that size would! Love the rattan texture with the cute button tab closure. This purse adds a pop of color and playfulness to your outfit! I love the leather strap detail as well. It makes me want a tropical vacation ASAP! I’m not usually one drawn to super colorful things, especially in purses, but I think this clutch is the absolute perfect summer piece. I love that it also comes with a gold chain strap, if you’d rather go hands-free! It’s playful and girly without being too over the top. I couldn’t believe my eyes when I saw the price on this cutie! It’s a total designer dupe for under $50–which is essentially the definition of “GIGANTIC WIN” in my book ? Huzzah! I’ve been searching for a new beach tote for summer and to bring on vacations with me and this one definitely fits the bill! It’s packable, takes up zero room in your suitcase, but holds a ton of beach essentials! Yas! This is a must for my upcoming Mexico girls trip! GET IN MY CART. If you love the playful idea of a straw tote but aren’t into color, this one is a great option! The fringe detail and circular handles give off a fashionably nostaligic 70’s vibe and it’ll be your go-to for years to come! BAH the only one on this list that sneaks over the $100 mark. BUT, it’s for good reason! I absolutely adore the retro-classic shape of this bag, and I think it’s the perfect size–not too small, not too big. (…All you need is a light jacket! ?) Are you on the Mar Y Sol train yet? They are known for making the CUTEST straw bags around–they have so many different colors, usually stripes, with a signature bundle of pom poms. Swoon! I just found this replica at Nordstrom for less–so snap it up before it’s gone! Which one is your favorite? Do you have a recent straw bag find you love? Share it below!  SaveSave Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Allie says  March 27, 2018 at 10:38 am Straw bags are my favorite too! I love how they feel both classic and current. That cylinder one is so cool! And I love the darker tan color. xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Karly says  April 2, 2018 at 9:39 am That cutie #3 is calling my name – I can’t believe the affordable price point! Thanks for always finding/sharing items that fit in different budgets. 
Angelina Jones says  September 4, 2018 at 2:53 pm I love these bags so much.  The round rattan bags are my favorite.   You wrote such a good article thanks.  and keep them coming.   Angelina Jones from https://chicindah.com 
elo says  November 8, 2018 at 8:18 am very nice post
i love it
and i love straw bag !
https://www.chabalala.co.uk/beach-bag 
Teresa says  March 21, 2019 at 9:12 pm ? […] Source: The Golden Girl […] […] Source: The Golden Girl […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Wedge Black Shoes, Black Wedge Shoes, Printed Jumpsuits, Candles and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 15, 2015   Perhaps the biggest shopping event of the year (I think it’s safe to say it rivals Black Friday) is the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale. As you probably know by now, the sale is currently offering early access to cardholders only, but to score the best deals when the sale goes public, you’ll need a plan for attack. Here’s how to land the best Nordstrom deals of the year:  So you can’t technically buy right now without a Nordstrom card, but you can definitely do your research ahead of time, so you’re ready to pounce on July 17th! Browse sale items through the Sneak Peak section of the website.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  It’s easy to fall down the rabbit hole with so many good deals! To make sure you don’t go overboard and buy things you don’t need. (It happens to all of us!) Take a full inventory of your closet, your medicine cabinet, and your makeup bag. Are you going to need new makeup in the next several months? What about face wash or creams? It’s a great time to stock up! (Plus, they have some AMAZING beauty gifts with purchase!) Do your leather riding boots need replacing? (You can score a pair of Fryes for the unheard of price of $275). Desperately need new undies? Get 5 pairs of Hanky Pankies for $15! Invest in them now for the best deal. Stay focused on the essentials, and you’ll avoid buying too-trendy pieces you’ll never wear.   You can sign up for Nordstrom’s email alerts, or even add it to your calendar right from this page under “get the scoop!” This ensures it stays top of mind (or at least, reminds you if you forget!)           Filed Under: Shop  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Long Dresses, White Gowns, Blue Cocktail Dresses, Navy Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 19, 2018   Above: I’m wearing the 53mm Round sunnies and Neal is wearing the Aviator Classic in black Hi guys!  If you’re still in need of some last minute gifts…you’re in luck, because we’ve got a great gift idea for BOTH girls and guys coming your way today. ?Our favorite brand of sunnies: RAY-BAN! I’m not going to lie, I wouldn’t say we are “sunglasses” people–I would say we are “Ray-Ban” people–and that’s what we’re talking about today. Ray-Bans are our go-to sunnies–I wear my round Icons daily. We also have several pairs that we BOTH wear (okay fine, I mean, they actually belong to Neal…but sometimes I steal them ?)  Ray-Ban sunnies make an amazing gift for anyone you love (or for yourself!) because they are one of the few things that are worn year-round, with any outfit, they’re incredibly high quality (and very durable), and best of all–they are classic, and truly never go out of style.  We’ve both been wearing Ray-Ban for over a decade. I don’t remember the last time I bought a different brand of nice sunglasses. They are truly worth every penny! Nordstrom is [no surprises here, haha!] our retailer of choice for said kinds of purchases, because not only do they have a huge selection of them, but their return policy is second to none (which is very important if you’re shopping for sunglasses online and aren’t able to try them on in person!) Plus, when you’re buying a gift, you always want peace of mind that the person receiving the gift can exchange it if they need to–so no worries there! Anddd another added perk of shopping at Nordstrom: You can order online and pick it up in store on the same day! You can also get most orders in time for Christmas Eve with rush shipping!      The 53mm Round: This shape became popular with Hollywood stars and rock stars alike in the sixties, and I love how they feel retro and classic at the same time!  I mean, I could’ve listed 100 different photos in 100 different outfits here. I wear these EVERY. DAY. These are my absolute favorites! As you can see, they go with everything, every time of the year, for every occasion. I get a lot of questions in this pair in general, and it’s important to note that they come in two sizes–50mm and 53mm–I have the larger 53 mm size! I adore them and think they make any outfit look so much more stylish! They are super well-made, and they are very comfortable on my face. (They don’t slip off and they don’t hurt, either, like a lot of sunnies do!)  Similar to the round shape, I love this pair as well, which have a slightly different shape and are something a little different!    The Original Wayfarer: Neal has had these for years and I steal them all the time ?They are universally flattering–I’ve never seen Wayfarers not look awesome on anybody–plus, you know–obviously a perk that they’re unisex ?We have them in both black and tortoise! They also come in a foldable version, which is AMAZING for travel! They fold up in this teeny tiny case and take up virtually no room in a pocket or purse!   The Aviator Classic: Neal got me a pair (the gold frames!) for my birthday when we first started dating–I was SO excited! Sadly then I broke them a few months later ?so then I started stealing his black pair ?(which I’m wearing above, and the ones he’s wearing in the first photo of the post! They come in lot’s of colors though!) This is another pair that is great for both girls and guys–it actually comes in really handy when we travel because one of us inevitably forgets our sunnies and being able to share them is really helpful!    The General: This is Neal’s newest pair, he got them last year and this is the pair he wears when he wants to be classic and make a statement at the same time! They’re just the right amount of Top Gun, don’t you think?! ?  Do you have any more Ray-Ban related questions? Which is your favorite pair? Leave any q’s below and we’ll make sure to get back to you!   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Mimi says  December 19, 2018 at 1:45 pm Great post, thank you! I’m in the market for replacement ones! (note to readers: the Wayfarer is not impervious to golden retriever puppy teeth. I found out the hard way…) Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Leggings, Heel Booties, Black Pumps Shoes, Printed Jumpsuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 30, 2019  Oh HELLO from the Polar Vortex! It’s about -4847373 degrees here today and I have absolutely no plans to go outside. I hope you are warmer, wherever you are. ? Anyway, we’re BACK with another style post designed to get you out of your winter clothing rut and inspire you to bring more creativity into getting dressed!  Today’s topic: Wearing all black.  I know–you may be thinking that there is absolutely NO way you can pull off all black. I mean, who are you? A goth? A biker? One of those super cool edgy fashion bloggers who takes photos in front of back alley dumpsters? Or stands in front of steaming pot holes in New York City but seemingly doesn’t get hit by any cars?  NO. You are none of those things. But neither am I. So I promise, you can pull it off too. ?Today I’m sharing 7 outfits (actually, 9, if you count the bonus variables I throw in there) that are head to toe black, but are VERY approachable. (Don’t believe me? Just wait. You’ll be surprised. Promise.)  Wearing all black, while it may seem like a daunting idea, is actually very easy and pretty hard to mess up! Of all colors, black always reigns supreme when it comes to versatility, practicality, not to mention–it’s the most widely flattering color on all body types.  My biggest tip is to abide by what I call the Juxtaposition rule in order to avoid looking too harsh or costumey. Play with proportions and mix different styles. Keep reading for lessons on how to to put together your own all black outfits that work for your own personal style!   Similar leopard hat, cashmere v-neck sweater (on sale for $39!! Runs TTS–I will say I love it and I wear it a lot, and it’s the most affordable cashmere you’ll find, but it doesn’t feel like a $200 cashmere sweater for those who are super particular if you know what I mean. If you’re looking for more reccos–Everlane makes my favorites and they have tons of great staples! Allbirds wool sneakers (TTS), Old leggings (my others were in the wash ?) but I really love Zella’s leggings and Lululemon Align leggings if you’re looking for something that can also double for yoga or a workout, and for warm everyday (non workout) leggings, I LOVE Hue’s brushed seamless fleece-lined leggings!  Not what you were expecting, huh? ?No biker outfits here. Unless I’m going to hop on your motorcycle so you can drop me off at TRADER JOES with my PUMPKIN SPICE LATTE.   I wanted to include one comfy outfit for weekend, running errands, etc, so here it is! This is why I LOVE black so much–even wearing leggings, you still look really cute, chic and pulled together!  Why this outfit works: Because leggings are SO casual (aka basically pajamas) I wanted to class things up a little, so I chose a black v-neck sweater. To disguise unwashed hair, go with a cute hat, and to finish off the look–my favorite sneakers–Allbirds. Not only are they the comfiest shoes ever, but I think they’re more stylish than average sneakers. If you want the comfort of sneakers without all the sportiness, you’ll love Allbirds!  Alternative versions: You could definitely go with some faux leather leggings, or even some velvet leggings here as well. Add a long cardigan for another layer. If hats aren’t your thing, go with a leopard scarf instead! Everlane’s chunky cashmere scarf (it’s sooo warm and soft) would also be super cute!   AE Jeans (run small–I’m wearing a 4), vintage tee, similar here, Gucci loafers–but Sam Edelman makes great dupes–no break in required and SO comfy! Run TTS. Old cardigan but love this version and this version. Lot’s more here! Graphic tees might seem like something only street style bloggers at Fashion Week can pull off ?(I get that.) I’m not typically the graphic band tee kind of girl, but I actually LOVE my vintage Pink Floyd Dark Side of the Moon t-shirt. (They have a bunch of similar affordable ones at Forever21, FYI! I never shop there, but spending a lot of money on a graphic tee is just ridiculous, thus, it’s a good option.)  This graphic tee in particular is my favorite because reminds me of my Uncle Mike, who was an INSANELY talented musician and wore graphic band tees before they were cool. He taught me how to appreciate music, and introduced me to a lot of my favorite artists, and I introduced him to Red Hot Chili Peppers ?When I got my license, he would insist on me driving him to work while blasting Dani California on repeat with all the windows down.  I also went through a Pink Floyd phase in college when everyone was doing the whole “play the Dark Side of the Moon album while watching The Wizard of Oz and the soundtrack creepily goes with the movie” thing. (Did anyone else do that? ?) I also had a “The Wall” poster in my dorm room. I was COOL, guys.  I would highly recommend this really cute subtle Levi’s logo tee for the same effect–or if you aren’t into graphic tees, Everlane’s striped box cut tee or their classic black v-neck). I specifically chose a graphic tee to style here because it’s easy to look at them and think “that’s way too edgy for me” but in reality, when it’s paired with the right things, it’s not too edgy at all!  Here’s why it works: Yes, the stereotypical pair for this tee perhaps would’ve been ripped jeans, a moto jacket, and edgy booties–I totally admire this style on other women, but it’s just not my thing. To make it classic and approachable, I paired it with classic high rise skinny jeans, preppy/classic loafers, and a classic grandpa-style cardigan.  I’ll say it once and I’ll say it again–follow the Juxtaposition Rule and you can literally make ANY style work for you!    Madewell wrap bodysuit (runs TTS but if you’re in between, go with the size up. I’m wearing a small. See a ton of other ways to style it in my capsule wardrobe guide!) Everlane Stretch Cigarette Ankle jeans (TTS, but go up if you want them a little looser), Everlane Day Booties (TTS), old leather jacket–I think Nordstrom has the best leather jacket selection with lot’s of similar styles! Sometimes the hardest balance to strike is an outfit that is stylish, comfortable, and casual but a litttlee bit dressy. That’s what this outfit accomplishes! It’s perfect for a concert, drinks, etc!  It’s a lot of black, yes, but the low-cut v-neck and cropped pants are showing JUST the right amount of skin. A v-neckline is by far the most widely flattering cut across the board. It draws the eye downward and creates (or emphasizes) an hourglass shape and creates proportion. The leather jacket adds another texture and layer, both which add interest in the outfit.  Bonus:  Add a faux fur scarf like this one or this one for a totally different, more glam look:      Madewell wrap bodysuit (runs TTS but if you’re in between, go with the size up. I’m wearing a small. See a ton of other ways to style it in my capsule wardrobe guide!) BlankNYC Skirt c/o Evereve but is 40% off right now at Nordstrom, so definitely see if they have it in your size there first! It runs TTS. Blondo boots the boots I wear basically every day of winter–they’re cute and waterproof! I don’t have to worry about ruining them in snow–plus, they have a stretchy back, so they can fit all calf sizes! TTS! Gucci belt–love that this budget-friendly one accomplishes the same look though!  A head to toe black ensemble is the PERFECT thing for a night out. I hear from you guys all the time that the struggle is REAL finding date night outfits that strike the right balance of classy, stylish, and a little bit sexy without being over the top. (You are preaching to the choir here ?) So I thought this outfit was the perfect go-to. Honestly, this is a formula of silhouettes that ALWAYS works. V-neck top, OTK boots, and skirt that isn’t TOO short or too tight. (It just needs to be short enough to provide a little bit of space between the top of your OTK boots and the hem of your skirt.) Adding a cute, but subtle statement belt is basically like adding jewelry to your outfit–plus, it defines your waist, too!  Bonus idea: Add a leather or suede jacket to make it more casual! (Mine is old from Italy, but lot’s here!) Any contrasting color will work here–and yes, if you’re wondering–you CAN wear black and brown together!   Old blouse, but similar top here–Cuyana makes one too–expensive but their items are super high quality! Old ponte pants, but this pair of ponte pants is identical and has great reviews! Similar flats (mine are old) and I really love these pointed toe flats (they come in leopard, which would make this outfit even cuter!) I also love this pretty Sam Edelman version! Also, I have heard SO MANY good things about Rothy’s–Kelly has several pairs and she basically wears nothing else these days! I personally think that pointed toes make this outfit look a bit more refined, but regular ballet flats would totally work here too! Madewell zipper top transport tote–the best all-purpose tote EVER. Some people may feel that head to toe black clothes are too harsh or extreme for the office, but that is not at ALL true! The reason this works and doesn’t look “harsh” is because of how flowy (and feminine) the top is, juxtaposed with the form-fitting skinny cut of the ponte pants. If you aren’t into bows, Everlane’s silk blouse (my favorite!) would work perfectly with this look as well.  I also went with some pointed toe ballet flats, because I tend to think pointed toe flats are more flattering than rounder toes–although, I still LOVE a rounded toe ballet flat. Either would be lovely here! Another adorable shoe option would be some cap-toe block heels like these, or these!   Chunky black turtleneck: Marked down!! It’s c/o Everlane, runs big–wearing size S but probably could’ve gone XS. Supposed to be oversized though! This Topshop version is similar and also super cute! If you want something a bit more form-fitting, I would highly recommend Everlane’s cashmere turtleneck! I also love this longer tunic version. Old ponte pants, but this pair of ponte pants is identical and has great reviews! Sam Edelman loafers (30% off!!)–they are SO comfy. No break in! Run TTS. I’ve worn them a TON on the blog, just search “leopard loafers.” I also love them in black–great Gucci dupes!  I basically live in black turtlenecks these days. I was having brunch with my friend Liz last weekend who said, “I need at least 5 black turtlenecks for every day of the week–they’re just going to be my new uniform and it’s going to be a thing. And I’m into it.”  I couldn’t agree more. Well, this is one of my most worn black turtlenecks–it’s from Everlane and I love that it’s chunky and a little bit longer so it’s great to wear with leggings, but it’s not TOO long that you can’t do a little front tuck when you wear it with jeans, skirts, etc! (Want to see five more ways to wear it? Head to my story highlights!)  They’re basically like leggings, but a lot thicker and sturdier, so they’re totally appropriate to wear places that you wouldn’t wear leggings–but these totally FEEL like leggings–so that’s a win ?Anyway, I think everyone knows by now how great ponte pants are for the office, but they rarely remember they can work for casual outfits too–so I wanted to showcase that here! (This makes them excellent candidates for travel!)  I also chose to pair this all black ensemble with my favorite leopard loafers for a pop of pattern, but if it’s too cold to wear loafers, you can totally wear this with boots–brown or black would work! Just make sure if you’re wearing all black, you add a scarf or something with a pop of pattern or another color (camel/brown/tan, etc would be great) to make it more interesting.   Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Style  
Nikki says  January 30, 2019 at 8:39 am Love all of this! Chic and creative! 
Amanda says  January 30, 2019 at 1:13 pm question; is that a Chanel purse in one outfit or a good dupe? You didn’t link it but I love it! 
Tori says  January 30, 2019 at 6:56 pm Yes! All black! I definitely wear all black like twice a week..and at least black pants every other day! Love these new ideas. 
kaira says  February 5, 2019 at 6:10 am I just cant wait to buy this as soon as possible…As Such stunning outfit Black i just fall in-love with this attire beautiful.! Thanks for sharing! 
Megan says  February 26, 2019 at 9:35 am Gorgeous looks. My favorite one is the one with the cheetah cap. 
Dimpy Munparia says  July 15, 2019 at 5:10 pm Love it how you created these chic black looks!  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Wedges Heels, White Lace Dresses, Black Leggings, Long Sleeve Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 2, 2016    It’s that time of the year again–oh, what? Spring, you’re thinking? No…I meant the ShopBop sale. Chicago totally made a mockery out of March 1st with some major blizzard action, let me tell you. Spring? Not yet. Nooo sir. However, despite this fact, yes, it IS about that time–the time to stock up on spring essentials, even though you might have to hold off on wearing them JUST yet.  If you aren’t a regular ShopBop shopper, honestly, neither am I. I’m more of a Nordstrom girl–HOWEVER I am drawn like a moth to a flame to their Amazon Prime shipping partnership, knowing I can have anything from their site in my hands in less than 3 days for FREE is a pretty powerful thing. (Addicting is the word I might use here.)  But if I’m being honest, I used to think ShopBop was geared toward blissfully wealthy women who like to blow their money on things like matching $1300 BFF leather jackets (???) and less toward real people like you and me. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

However, I think their selection has recently gotten a LOT better in the way of classic, reasonably priced staples! So much so that, I actually started shopping there a lot recently! So if you’ve written off ShopBop in the past, I urge you to take a look again.  The best time to shop ShopBop (say that 10x fast) is during one of their major sales, one of which is happening as we speak. The more you buy, the more you save! The best way to take advantage of the discount is to pair up with some friends, and go in on your order together. Here are the discounts you can expect at a glance: 
 This is the time to buy those big ticket items you’ve had your eye on–like a leather jacket, or spring handbag. OR, go through your spring items, take inventory, and see what you else you need to fill in the holes in your wardrobe! Stock up now, and get all your shopping done at once. Here are the best things to buy during the sale:  There are a ton of dresses to choose from right now over at ShopBop–one of my favorites is this absolutely adorable and budget friendly number (coming in a post soon!) They also have a lot of really cute off the shoulder/ruffle dresses that are worth checking out, and perfect for that warm spring vacation you have coming up!  Spring trenches, leather jackets, military jackets and more, there are some good deals on cute, lighter outerwear to be had. Wedges, colorful cage heels, espadrilles, gladiators–lot’s of cute summery and springy sandals ripe for the picking. (If you do it right, you can also snag THE Ferragamo Varina flats for $130 off!!)  Since handbags are usually big ticket items when it comes to price, you’ll get the most bang for your buck if you buy one now! They have a great selection of Rebecca Minkoff especially!  Light colored jeans, white jeans, flares, the cutest jean shorts, and more. Loving their entire denim selection right now!  I love love their selection of one-pieces right now. They have a ton of gorgeous, classic black one-piece options, and I especially love this striped one-piece (above) that’s reversible!  Super random, right? But ShopBop is actually one of my favorite places for little knick-knacks like coffee table books, sticky notes, notebooks, tumbler cups, and the like. And hello, this Kate Spade picnic blanket? How cute is that?  ALL THE POOL FLOATS ARE BACK. These things sold out like HOT CAKES last year. I know it feels early to jump the gun, but if you envision yourself on a floating slice of pizza or giant swan this year, you should probably act fast.    If any of these items spoke to your wardrobe (and your wallet) click here to get shopping! The good stuff won’t be around for long!      Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Catherine Marks says  March 2, 2016 at 3:35 pm Yaaaay for bringing the one-piece back! So ladylike. I love it.  http://www.classiccatherine.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold Pumps Shoes, White One Piece Swimsuit, Orange Dresses, Tan Wedge Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 30, 2017   Shoes: Dolce Vita, Velvet Leggings: Spanx (they’re so warm and comfy AND have a control top! They also make a faux leather leggings version!) Tote: Old, but similar here and here, Sweater: Bloomingdales (isn’t it the prettiest color? This cashmere turtleneck is on sale right now in a similar color, too!) Sunnies: old, similar here, Coat: Barbour Beadnell (their “Cavalry” jacket is also similar! I am dying to get it in red!) Happy Monday! Guys, I feel like I never even told you this, but we’re in San Francisco this week! We left at the crack of dawn this morning. Neal is heading there for work and because he has the Southwest card for business, we qualified for the companion pass and I get to go fo’ FREE. I am sooo excited! Can you believe I haven’t been to San Francisco since EIGHTH grade? Fun fact: My middle school unexpectedly closed the summer before eighth grade. For various reasons, my parents weren’t happy with any other school option for eighth grade (and we already knew where I was going to high school) so my mom decided to home school me for a year (she used to be a teacher) with the intent on taking me to travel and see the world. Scotland, London, Paris–I don’t remember what else was on the radar, but it was going to be a year to remember. But then, September 11th happened, and the only trip we took was to… San Francisco. ? It was the only cool place we traveled that year, but it was still an amazing trip! I vividly remember every detail. The city seemed so big then, but from what everyone tells me, it’s actually pretty small? Is that true? My best friend Michal lives there and I can’t wait to see her and scope out some new coffee shops to work in during the day! If you have any reccos, I’d love to hear them! This past weekend was so much fun–we laid low on Friday night and then on Saturday night we had my friend Liz’s combo birthday/engagement party (LOTS to celebrate there!) and then we went to Kelly’s afterwords because she always hosts an annual “Halloween” party, but nobody actually dressed up this year, haha! Anyway, speaking of travel, I think we should talk about these shoes for a second.  They are called “smoking slippers” which I always just thought was a variation of loafer. (Kelly? You’re my preppiest friend, maybe you know the history behind loafer terminology?) Are they loafers? Are they slippers? We don’t really know. But what I DO know, is that they FEEL like slippers and LOOK super stylish. Being comfortable has kind of become a requirement for me these days where all I do is walk everywhere and my tolerance for uncomfortable shoes is dipping lower as I age. (You can also fold down the back and wear them as slides! Hello, even more comfy!) Sizing: run TTS! Swapping your regular sneakers for shoes like this is a really easy way to mix up your outfit and look polished while still being comfy! My shoes are made by Dolce Vita (I love all their shoes! You can see more here.) and they required absolutely zero break-in time whatsoever! (Yusssss.) You can get them at Bloomingdales (who is also having a buy two pairs of shoes, get one 25% off sale! Huzzah!) I love shopping at Bloomies because their inventory is unique to them and many of their items you can’t find anywhere else!     Speaking of, Bloomies’ own brand, AQUA, is one of my favorites and they have soo many cozy sweaters right now, many of which are cashmere at a pretty snazzy price, too ? My sweater that you see here does not happen to be AQUA but it does also happen to be from Bloomingdales! I’ve honestly never seen a sweater this color before and it’s the perfect thing to brighten up the dreary fall weather we’ve been having–so I knew it had to be mine! I also love the intricate cableknit pattern–it’s so pretty! I’m excited to wear it with skirts and my OTK boots as well! (Or even layered over a dress like I did with another sweater in this post!) Again, another super easy way to spice up an everyday outfit–pick a classic item in a fun color you wouldn’t normally expect. Additionally, these leggings. THE VELVET LEGGINGS. My new obsession. Like these slippers, they feel like pajamas, but LOOK like a million bucks. I honestly wasn’t sure what to expect when I ordered them, but they’re very subtle–unlike the velvet velour Juicy jumpsuits of yesteryear. (Sigh.) I like that they make an everyday outfit a lot cooler than regular black leggings! Plus, they’re thick and warm AND they have a control top. (Hallelujah!) They run true to size as well!  In partnership with Bloomingdales. All opinions are 100% my own! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kelly Larkin says  October 30, 2017 at 8:02 am SO COZY AND WARM FOR FALL! And yes, hahaha, they were used in the 1800s by men as slippers, and then they transitioned into the fashion world. I love you so much cracking up haha 
Jess says  October 30, 2017 at 11:44 am Hahaha I knew you would know!! 
Marla S. says  October 30, 2017 at 9:53 am What size are you wearing in the sweater? (trying to figure out what size to order)! 
Jess says  October 30, 2017 at 11:43 am Hi Marla! I’m wearing a size small! I’d say it runs true to size! 
Karley Keller says  October 30, 2017 at 10:43 am If you’re in the mood for Dim Sum, go to Yank Sing! http://www.yanksing.com/ 
Jess says  October 30, 2017 at 11:44 am Yum!! I love Dim Sum! Thank you Karley!! 
Robin says  October 31, 2017 at 7:14 am Can you do a post on what you packed for your trip to San Fran?  I love the velvet leggings!!   Leggings are my go to because they are so comfortable and the elastic makes it easier to fit properly.  The velvet ones have more texture and look nicer than regular leggings and seem to bring the style up a notch. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Turtlenecks On Sale, Rebecca Taylor Blouses, Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses, Candles and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 22, 2016   1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 6 / 7 / 8 / 9 / 10/ 11 / 12 / 13 / 14   Finally! The long-anticipated day of the summer  The Nordstrom Anniversary Sale is now public–which means you don’t need  Nordstrom card to take advantage of all the deals! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Some of my favorite on-sale brands: Tory Burch, Barbour, Burberry, Joie, Hunter, Rag & Bone and plenty more where that came from! You can see my current favorite items of the sale above! (I plan to do a “home” roundup next week too, so stay tuned!)  After some thorough internet stalking, I’ve narrowed down the categories with the best deals–handbags, dresses, shoes (they have lot’s of amazing OTK boots and booties for fall), denim and lot’s of great outerwear options!    1. Search by your favorite designers first to see what goodies they have on sale!  2. Think ahead–now is a great time to stock up for fall, and summer, too!  3. Take inventory–what holes do you need to fill in your fall wardrobe? Focus on what you need first, and what you want afterwords, so you’re sure to make the smartest purchases!  4. Be thorough–the sale isn’t just for clothes and accessories, but beauty and home, too! Don’t leave any rock unturned ?  Happy shopping, and next time you hear from me, we’ll be in our NEW HOUSE! EEEEK!  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  July 22, 2016 at 6:59 pm I almost bought that floral dress! It’s so pretty! 
Kelly in the City says  July 25, 2016 at 11:19 pm Yesssss to the friendship bracelet  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And White Dresses, Embroidered, Short Sleeve Blouses, Candles and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 19, 2018  Velvet leggings: Spanx–one of my favorite pairs of pants in the winter! I never take them off! They run true to size–such a fun alternative to regular leggings, and so warm! Turtleneck: J.Crew’s tissue turtleneck…duh..when am I not wearing one? I own one in every color (and pattern!) They run true to size! (I always get asked what size I wear–the one I’m wearing here is size small, but I also have them in XS…it just depends on how you want them to fit!) Cardigan: this one is old from last year, but similar here, here and here!  Happy Friday, guys! I can’t believe it’s already been a YEAR since I originally published this post! With so many amazing recipes, I decided I had to refresh it for 2018 again! So–that means, even MORE recipes to make this year! I asked for your submissions on Instagram and got sooo many incredible recommendations! I tried my best to include as many as I could! This post (originally published last fall) was actually my second installment of my “Real Women Approved” series (where I round up YOUR recommendations on varying topics) and it was really fun to see how many more posts we’ve published since then! (Find them all right here!) These are some of my favorite posts to create because I think the best ideas come from you guys, and I have so much fun collaborating all together! A change in seasons always re-ignites my excitement to get back into the kitchen (I’m always partial to warm winter recipes! I think everything tastes better roasted, braised, or cooked in a dutch oven!) I’m always on the hunt for new recipe ideas (aren’t we all?) so I figured this would be an awesome topic for my next reader favorites roundup! I might be a little biased, but I think you guys have the best recommendations around! ?(Like your book recco’s for example? LIGHTS OUT! Or your most praised all-purpose totes for work and travel? AMAZING.) Personally, one of my favorite things to make in the fall and winter is lentil soup–it’s so simple, rustic, and delicious. The best part about lentil soup is that you can really go any way you’d like with it–I always start with this classic base recipe and then riff off of it based on what I’m feelin’ that day. (I love to finish it with a squeeze of lemon and freshly grated parmesan cheese!) Lentils are so good for you, so I love this soup when I want a detox but want something heartier than a salad. Despite the fact that it doesn’t have meat in it, it’s one of Neal’s favorite soups! (Sometimes I add kale as well!) If you’re feeling a little indulgent, add bacon when you’re sautéing the veggies, and a bit of wine while the soup is cooking. You could also give it an Eastern twist adding spices like tumeric or curry powder, and a splash of coconut milk. It’s so easy to make your own and is perfect for a cozy night in! Now, even more fun–below are LOT’s more fall recipes recommended by my favorite gals–you guys! Get ready for pumpkin and butternut EVERYTHANG. (And make sure to follow along on Insta stories so you can weigh in on our next reader roundup topic! I always love to hear all your opinions!)   Melissa says, “I’m obsessed with this TJ’s Cauliflower gnocchi hack from Kai and the Kitchen! It’s a bag of frozen gnocchi, rotisserie chicken, mushrooms (I buy them pre-sliced, obvi), butter and sage. Best weeknight hack that is good enough for the weekend!”  Jean says, “You have to try the Fall Chicken skillet from Well Plated! SO good with apples, sweet potatoes, Brussels sprouts yummm!”  Reader Molly loves this broccoli cauliflower brown rice casserole for fall! She says,“it’s great for when you need to use up extra veggies or want something meatless! Suddin says, “We make ‘pumpkin stuffed with everything good‘ every fall. It’s bread, cheeses, herbs, etc stuffed into a pumpkin and baked. I look forward to it every year. I usually grab a small pumpkin from Trader Joe’s and it’s the perfect size for two!”  Tina, who also has a great food blog, Shredded Sprout–says soup is her fall go-to, especially roasted tomato soup with everything grilled cheese. YUM! R says, “Just made this oven roasted chicken shawarma last night and it was super simple, but so easy and so tasty! The notes at the bottom give good tips on what to include so I added bell pepper along with the chicken as well as homemade pita and rice pilaf!  Kimberlyn says, “This is a delish salad perfect for fall. It has sweet potatoes and apples (AKA the Fall faves!) and keeps well for 3-4 days in the fridge so it’s perfect for meal prep. I usually make one big batch on Sunday and eat all week!” Laura is hooked on Halfbaked Harvest’s has chipotle pumpkin soup with chorizo! She says, “It has all the warming fall flavors you need and you can use soy-rizo/cut back on the cheese to make it healthier! I am obsessed with it ?” Carly says, “I made 30 Minute Thai Peanut Chicken from @halfbakedharvest via Cooking w/ Liz (@lizadams) last week and it was delicious! Plus, it was also quick, easy, and such a cozy meal.” Side note, if you don’t follow Liz, you definitely need to! I know you will love her–she does an Instagram live series called “Cooking with Liz” and it’s always so much fun! Hannah says, “This pasta recipe has been my go-to fall recipe for YEARS! It’s basically like an inside out butternut squash ravioli! I’ve started using canned pumpkin (not the pie filling–the plain, unsweetened kind) instead of roasting the squash when I don’t have time!”  Karen describes this yummy Chili as “Spicy, easy, and a different take on chili. Such a cozy dish for a cold weeknight. And anything topped with cheese and sour cream is a MAJ victory IMO.”  Cat says, “Okay, so this recipe takes some work, but I kid you not, everyone in my family is now OBSESSED with this pie an dI HAVE to make it every Thanksgiving! All of Sally’s recipes are so great because they give you small tips that you wouldn’t otherwise realize so just be sure to read the entire thing before baking!”  Kathleen says, “For the past couple years when the weather gets juuust crips enough, my husband and I have a lightbulb moment: ‘IS IT SPICED PORK TIME?!’ We use this recipe just as a guide and basically dump tons of the spices onto the tenderloins for maximum fall flavor. It’s very quick easy, and low cal for a busy weekenight, and it’s absolutely delicious!”  Helen says, “For this recipe, I use leftover rotisserie chicken and substitute half and half for heavy cream but it smells amazing (thank you, celery!) and it freezes wonderfully so you can eat it later in the season. My boyfriend and I love to eat it with crusty bread or homemade grilled cheese!”  Emma says,  “Right now, my favorite is this Bon Appetit Panko Crusted Chicken with carrots. It’s UNREAL. So fast, so easy, so cozy on a cold night. It’s comfort food for me, plain and simple. And pretty inexpensive. Usually I use chicken breast instead since that’s my go-to. Whatever floats your boat!”  Bethany says, “I love the One Pan Autumn Chicken Dinner by @cookingclassy ! It’s easy, makes the whole house smell amazing, and goes perfectly with a glass of ?!”  Clementine loves Tyler Florence’s ultimate short ribs with parsnip purée. “Omg so good “ she says, and shared her time-saving hack: “I did it in the InstantPot in under an hour last week if you aren’t into using a Dutch oven!”  Charmain says, “this is my favorite go-to recipe for those comfort food days and it’s really so simple to make. Everyone I’ve made it for always raves about how tasty it is and then is shocked at just swapping out milk for coconu tmilk and adding a few unexpected spices turns ordinary butternut soup into something amazing!” You can see the recipe posted on her instagram right here! (Plus, her feed is so pretty, too!) Do you follow my friend Lauren from Lakeshore Lady? She shares TONS of amazing recipes–but her crock pot zucchini lasagna is one of her go’to’s for Fall! “Super cozy, and once everything goes into the crock pot, you can forget about it until it’s time to eat! Stress free!” Whitney says, “These apple turnovers are SO simple and made with ingredients that most people have on hand during the holidays. They taste best when hot from the oven and served with vanilla ice cream!”  Katie loves Rachael Ray’s Winter Veggie Chowder–she says, “I made it in a Crock-Pot on high for four hours. It’s easy but there’s a lot of chopping–just throw veggies in the crock and heavily salt. HEAVILY. )You think it’s too much but it’s not–because it will draw the liquid from the veggies, which is where your borth comes from!) I just let the veggies sweat it out in there, and then add the remaining ingredients!”  Lee recommends this pumpkin veggie chili from Skinnytaste–“My husband who is a total meat-a-tarian (you know what I mean?) even says this is his favorite chili. Seasonal, delicious, lower guilt, even more delicious as leftovers with some shredded cheese and tortilla chips.” Do you guys follow Morgan on Instagram? She’s a Chicago fitness and health blogger and she’s my go-to for EVERYTHING healthy and workout related! I might be her most annoying follower with how many questions I ask her on a weekly basis. Example: she actually didn’t SUBMIT this Pumpkin Spice Latte Protein Smoothie recipe for this post roundup, I saw her post it on Instastories and pestered her for the link so I could include it ? I’m really lazy so let’s be honest I probably won’t ever have Medjooll dates or multiple kinds of nut butter on-hand so my version will likely never be quite as healthy or as delicious as Morgan’s, but hey, include what you have and I’m pretty sure it will be fantastic. Haley says, “I LOVE pumpkin muffins, we use the yellow Trader Joe’s pumpkin dry mix and add in chocolate chips. Voila! Muffins!”  “This is my favorite plant based chili,” Allison says! “It’s healthy (from my favorite magazine, Cooking Light) easy (either slow cooker or on the stove), flexible (you can throw in whatever you have around.) I always add in some cinnamon, because I don’t think you can have chili without it! It’s also freezable (because making soup for one person is difficult!) I swear by the recipe and make it several times each fall. It pairs amazingly with homemade corn bread!”  Jessie calls this roasted brussels sprouts recipe “the most delicious fall dish EVER!” If you’re in charge of bringing a side dish for Thanksgiving, I think this one would be such a great one to try out! Different than every other Brussels sprout recipe I’ve ever seen, but still with traditional fall flavors. Yum! Nina shared the most genius hack EVER. “My newest fall thing is pumpkin waffles. I make them the easy way. I follow the directions on a regular box of waffle mix and then add in pumpkin puree! It’s so easy it feels like cheating!” HAHA I like Nina’s style!! Lindsey raves about this recipe for pumpkin spiced coffee cake (UM. YUMMM?) because it’s 1. Idiot Proof. and 2. Uses a boxed cake mix, but tastes completely homemade! Sign me up! She says “I took it to a weekly group meeting and received so many compliments! Also, I live on a TINY island in Washington state and none of our grocery stores had the pumpkin spice pudding mix, so I used regular vanilla pudding and added a tablespoon of pumpkin pie spice! Delish!”  Carley says, “this soup is so flavorful and delicious! It’s my husband’s favorite dish and I took it to Thanksgiving last year and it was a hit! If you enjoy this, her blog has a ton of great recipes as well!” (Jess’ note: I agree–Damn Delicious is one of my favorite food blogs!) Rachel recommends Pinch of Yum’s Pumpkin Alfredo! “It’s definitely indulgent (not healthy at all) but it is so so yummy. It’s rich with lot’s of flavor. Also, surprisingly, it only has 5 ingredients and is ready in 20 minutes! It’s the perfect weeknight meal when you’re craving pasta!)”  Laura’s go-to recipe for fall is this one for pumpkin chocolate chip cookies! “They are super easy and always fly off the plate,” she says. “My friends and family love them!”  Kaylee says “this pumpkin maple pecan granola tastes like fall and is super easy to make! I love eating it on Greek yogurt with a little bit of honey or even just a snack on its own! It’s delightful!”    Shop my outfit:    Filed Under: Advice, Lifestyle, Outfits, Style  
Taylor Cannon says  November 2, 2017 at 7:55 am Yum! These all sound SO good. Definitely going to try a few this season. Lately I have been loving these 2 recipes- Smoky Tomato Soup with Gruyere Toast: http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/smoky-tomato-soup-with-gruyere-toasts
Butternut & Gruyere Pithivier: http://www.olivemagazine.com/recipes/vegetarian/butternut-squash-and-gruyere-pithivier/
Taylor | http://www.livngtaylored.com 
Jess says  November 3, 2017 at 11:00 am Omg YUM! These sound amazing!! 
Jean says  November 3, 2017 at 8:33 am I would love to see a Wardrobe Remix featuring this cardigan!  I have a similar long cardigan, but I feel like I am under-utilizing it because I’m not sure what to wear it with. 
Jess says  November 3, 2017 at 11:00 am It was slated for November’s but it’s sold out now in that color! SO UPSET!!! Bahh! I always get so sensitive about linking to things that are sold out, but would you still think it was helpful? (I’m shooting November’s this weekend, haha!) 
Jean says  November 3, 2017 at 2:11 pm I would definitely still find it helpful!  The sweater is still available in two other colors, and who knows, maybe they will restock the burnt orange at some point?! 
Lisa says  October 19, 2018 at 4:05 pm Love the turtleneck sweater in this post! I love turtleneck sweaters as well, and am in dire need of more with it getting so cold. I just bought three of them and they were on sale for only $17 a piece…can’t go wrong with that  
Kathy says  October 23, 2018 at 11:24 am Was the recipe for pumpkin coffee cake here?  If so, I could not access.  Let us know.  Thanks!!  Love your blog! 
Mary H says  March 7, 2019 at 6:38 pm Hi – still searching your blog for that chicken paprikash recipe highlighted in your Oct 22, 2015 posting. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Colored Denim Jeans, Ivory Wedding Dresses, Black Booties Heels, Black Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 9, 2016     Coat: Barbour Beadnell in Olive–available at both Tuckernuck and Nordstrom, comes in navy, black, and sage too. I also have the liner vest and just got the quilted Beadnell in black!! // Tote: Madewell Transport Tote (Available at Nordstrom and Madewell) also comes in a black and tan version–I love their Transport Satchel too! // Scarf: old, borrowed from Kelly, but similar here, and here // Red Hunter Boots (also available in the matte version, which I also love!) // Pants: SO OLD. Admittedly I ruined my other favorite white pair of Levi’s (wah!) so I was wearing my old white jeans here which are so baggy! I really need a new pair– I’ve also had my eye on this pair // Sweater: Nordstrom (on sale for $59!), also comes in black & white stripe, navy and white stripe, solid black, camel, navy, and grey! It’s so soft, but it does run a bit snug, so if you like it to be a little looser, size up.)    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 YOU GUYS!! Such exciting news! As of this morning, I HAVE A NIECE!!! After 3 boys, my sister finally got her girl  Baby Ashlynn (named after my mom, Lynn) was born this morning and everyone is doing great! I’m flying there on Tuesday to meet her and I couldn’t be more excited. I already bought a bunch of stuff from Baby Gap and placed another Amazon order this morning. (I would show you what I purchased but she might read this and then the surprise would be ruined! More on that later, I promise.) This auntie is getting out of control ;-P I’ll be sure to post pics when I get to Oregon next week. You have no idea how long this family has been waiting for a little girl! In other (still exciting, yet not nearly as exciting as a new baby) news–it’s Friday! And it’s SNOWING! I’m sitting here drinking my coffee and admiring the fluffy snow whirling around outside–it’s so beautiful! Admittedly, I meant to write this post last night but I was so tired when I got home from dinner, I went to bed instead, because #life. (SORRY. You don’t mind, right?) Last night Kelly, Kira and I got together (it had been way too long. Well, since we’d seen Kira. I often see Kelly more than I see Neal some weeks :-P) and stopped by a new pop-up shop in Lincoln Park called “The Stock Room.” (See photo below!) Neal’s cousin, Elizabeth, was part of the duo that created the out of the box art-meets-retail concept. If you live in the neighborhood, be sure to stop in this weekend! It’s open now through Sunday, and they have a lot of really unique items from local makers! I got the cutest print of a LaCroix can (it’s Pamplemousse flavor, duh.) I posted some sneak peaks on Instagram stories if you want to check them out!  MORE exciting news: We’re going to HAMILTON on Saturday!! Neal’s mom got us all tickets for Neal’s birthday last year, and the day has finally arrived! I started listening to the soundtrack on Spotify already and it’s so great! Have you been? Dying to know what you thought! Anyway, the weather this week has been VERY cold and grey, so the Hunter boots came out several times over the past few days. I love my classic black ones, but there’s something very special about how the red ones can brighten up the gloomiest day! Admittedly, they’re a lot more fun to pull on than the black one’s and make your outfit SO much cuter!  (Don’t you think?) Hunter Favorites:    I will likely be wearing several iterations of this outfit during my trip to Oregon next week! I love that my Barbour coat has the option to snap in a liner vest for more warmth–it is officially needed now that winter has finally arrived! I also just got the black quilted Beadnell as well, which has a super cozy polar-fleece lining. I LOVE the quilted look and I can’t wait to wear it! Perhaps most exciting of all though…I finally got a Canada Goose!! It is SO. WARM. I really didn’t know if it was going to live up to the hype, but it really does. It’s unlike anything I’ve ever felt. Winter is going to be so much better this year! Full post on that coming soon  My Barbour Favorites:    Speaking of travel–this Madewell Tote is my go-to for airplane trips. It’s a beautiful bag, but it’s so functional too! Whenever I travel, it holds my laptop, makeup bag, magazines and purse. (Purse because of that “one personal item, one carry-on” airline rule. Eye roll.) This funnel neck sweater is also one of my new favorites. It’s SO soft, warm, and I love the camel and red stripe combination. (Stripes? Who, me?!) Plus, it’s a turtleneck, and you know how much I love THOSE. It’s on sale right now and comes in a ton of different colors, too! (Which is another plus. YAY!) Shop all sweater colors:      
 Shop this post:   
  Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Taylor- Lights Camera Catwalk says  December 9, 2016 at 1:05 pm Oh that’s so exciting! Congrats to your family! (And I LOVE these photos, so bright and crisp!)  Xx Taylor
http://lightscameracatwalk.com 
Kira @ The Imperfectionist says  December 9, 2016 at 1:14 pm SO fun catching up! And love your new La Croix print! xoxo 
TheVagabondWayfarer says  December 9, 2016 at 2:41 pm Congrats on becoming an aunt. You look so cute. The Madewell tote & Hunters have been on my list recently.
http://www.thevagabondwayfarer.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Turtleneck Sweaters, Blue Backpacks, Black Lace Bralettes, Designer Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 2, 2016   Off the shoulder ruffle shirt: ‘Polly’ ruffle bardot top from Topshop at Nordstrom (it’s only $60 and comes in the prettiest blush color, black, and periwinkle!) I also love this drapy, long-sleeved off-the-shoulder top in the same pretty wine color for only $39!// Ponte Pants: from last season, but these are identical, and this version has a button + zipper so they look more like jeans, but comfier! This pair is also a budget-friendly version // Lace-up suede pumps: c/o Marc Fisher at Nordstrom (also styled in this post) which come in every shade imaginable–including cherry red, burgundy, forest green, and nude! If you’re looking for a more budget-friendly version, this Sam Edelman pair just got marked down to $90! (I also have black flat lace-up versions too, which are perfect for a dressier look when you don’t want to wear heels.) Lipstick: NARS Velvet Matte lip pencil in “Cruella” // Clutch: Rebecca Minkoff “Leo” clutch (also comes in several colors–including one the exact same color as my top!) // Bracelets: Tatum Bangles & Elton Bracelets c/o Kendra Scott // Earrings:Tallulah Earrings c/o Kendra Scott   So, it’s officially November.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 That means [I realize by telling you what I’m about to tell you, that I run the risk of you wanting to murder me] that holiday season is officially upon us. IM SERIOUS. Don’t worry, I’m not about to start posting outfit photos in puffers and mittens. YET. (Although, Kelly and I are shooting our holiday guide this week! If you were following along last year, you remember the 2015 holiday guide we did together–and this one is going to be even bigger and better! YAY.) If you have any requests on content you’d like to see, let us know! For now, let’s enjoy this ridiculous heat wave and forget about the impending #Snowmageddon that will inevitably arrive sooner rather than later. (Hopefully it holds off until January or February. Oy.) Speaking of, ironically before I checked the weather, I packed up all of my warm weather stuff and all of my open-toed shoes and dresses BEFORE I went outside this morning. Oh well! I’m not complaining. Luckily I pulled out my lace-up flats (essentially, the flat version of what you see here) and threw on a lightweight tee and it was the perfect mix. I then hopped on my bike and rode to one of my favorite spots, Goddess and Grocer, and here I am sitting here enjoying the breeze next to the open door. I don’t know about you, but when it’s acceptable to order cold brew in November, it’s kind of a big deal. Speaking of transitional favorites, this outfit is full of ’em. I shot this look with Melissa on my way to meet Kelly at her favorite coffee shop, Floriole for a work date! What you don’t know from these photos is that my very first Chicago apartment was just a few blocks away. It was the cutest little place, but we couldn’t figure out why it was so cheap, being on the cutest strip of Lincoln Park and all. When we moved in, we realized it was because it was UNDERNEATH the el tracks. I still remember being able to hear the “ding ding, doors closing!” announcement every few minutes laying in my bed. (Hey, at least it was convenient for public transportation, and it only set me back $650 a month!) Alright. Enough memory lane. Switching gears to today’s outfit. I absolutely love this little off-the-shoulder ruffle top. Have you noticed my obsession with this burgundy color this year? (Hopefully you’re not sick of it–there’s more where that came from ;-P) I love it because you can wear it now, but it’s even more perfect for the holidays! You also heard me talk about my love for ponte pants in Monday’s post. If you haven’t heard of them, they’re basically like thick, classy leggings. If you’re one of those people who says “leggings aren’t real pants” then these are totally for you. I love them because you can wear them in place of normal leggings, or pair them with heels and a nice top (erhm, exhibit A) and you’re perfectly dressed to go out on the town. They’re also the best ever pants for traveling! Remember these shoes from this post? I’m going to be wearing them allll fall and winter long. They’re so much sassier than normal black pumps, don’t you think? And don’t you think these earrings would go perfectly with my favorite romper? (Hmmm…maybe NYE? Just kidding. We don’t talk about that yet.) 
      Shop this post:    Photos by Iron & Honey  P.S. Did you hear about the ShopBop surprise sale happening right now? Head over to this post for a roundup of my 12 favorite picks so you don’t have to do all that weeding through $3000 heinous couture gowns to find all the good stuff  Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Britney says  November 2, 2016 at 7:33 am Gorgeous look! Perfect for transitioning to the holiday season. You won’t get any flack from me! I love Thanksgiving and Christmas, and I love celebrating early. 
Rachel Spross says  November 2, 2016 at 9:14 am I love the color and cut of this top! The cold shoulder is always so cute. Love how you styled it! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/fall-staples-2/ 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  November 2, 2016 at 2:28 pm You are so cute! Love these colors on you! 
Mary Fremeau says  November 2, 2016 at 8:42 pm I absolutely love this shirt! I love the colors shown. Did it run TTS for you?
Love your blog!
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Taylor- Lights Camera Catwalk says  November 3, 2016 at 8:54 am Jess you are absolutely stunning! Love that top, color, and heels!  Xx Taylor
http://lightscameracatwalk.com 
Caitlin Edwards says  November 3, 2016 at 10:11 am Goddess and the grocer is the best!! Also, love that top! 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  November 3, 2016 at 2:46 pm You look so gorgeous in this color, how could we ever get sick of it?! 
Sara Mendoza says  November 3, 2016 at 6:25 pm You look ahmazing!  I’ve already started my Christmas shopping, I’m hoping to be done early this year but I said that last year and was running around at the last minute.  Oh well, a girl can try!  And how bout those CUBBIES!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Kristina Anderson says  November 7, 2016 at 8:21 am I am not usually a cold shoulder fan, but this top may just have changed my mind – so adorable!! And I freaking love ponte pants, they’re the best for traveling but I also wear them to work all the time   Kristina does the Internets Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Gowns Dress, Triangle Bikinis Tops, Pink Bikinis, Black Pj Sets and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 5, 2018   Hi guys! I had a little eureka moment yesterday when I popped onto Instagram stories (as I always do) asking for feedback on what style related topics you’d like to see on the blog this Fall. So many of you said, “When are you doing a Fall Capsule Wardrobe post!?”  I’m like–OMG–I HAVE–why has nobody seen it!? This post originally came out during the Nordstrom sale (maybe people just weren’t ready for fall yet, thus why you didn’t see it) but the good news is that almost all the exact items I’m wearing here are restocked and available! So, I’m refreshing this post today so it gets the time in the spotlight it deserves. Let’s jump in! First, we’ll go through ALL the items I used to create these versatile Fall 2018 staples here: I normally don’t buy things with high necks (for whatever reason I feel like they just don’t look great on me) but something was pulling me toward this one and I’m so glad I ordered it–I know you guys are always looking for dresses that can work for multiple occasions and this is definitely one of them! It’s great for work and other occasions where you want to be chic but conservative, but not so much so that you can’t dress it up with a pair of heels for date night. I also love that it’s flowy and lightweight, so you can wear it now with your favorite summer heels, and trade them for boots, booties, and throw on a jacket in the fall! I’m getting lot’s of questions so I’ll answer here: I’m wearing a size 0, the sleeves are pulled up (I always do this with my sleeves haha!) but they are full length like on the website. Also, on the site the slip appears to be much shorter than it is in person. What you see here is an accurate representation of the dress!   I have been looking for a great neutral suede skirt, so I was really happy when I saw this one was part of the sale! I love BlankNYC and they are my favorite brand for suede items because their items are great quality and super affordable–this one is under $100 and also comes in grey! I think I’m going to award these Caslon cropped flare jeans #1 favorite purchase of the Nordstrom sale in 2018. I absolutely LOVE. THEM. I heard from a lot of you guys that you loved them too but had no idea how to style them, so I paired them with a LOT of different items today so you had plenty of inspiration! Another common complaint I heard is from shorter girls and how the crops are like regular pants–but good news–these come in petite, too! Run TTS! I know the term “cropped flare” might scare you, but these really don’t look super flared and they definitely look more timeless and classic than the term would let on. They are so comfortable, have the perfect amount of stretch–I LOVE them. If you prefer straight leg, Caslon makes this straight leg version as well. My other jeans purchase of the sale was this pair of Joe’s jeans, which I LOVE–haha–but hilariously, we had a wardrobe malfunction and the button popped off (I 100% thing this is a fluke because I’ve had several pairs of Joe’s jeans that have lasted me years and they’ve always been really great quality–so, sadly, I had to swap them for an old pair of skinnies instead for photography purposes ?) The skinnies you see pictured here are old and but are most similar to this pair! (40% off right now and they have 5 star reviews!) Ponte pants are essentially the best invention in workwear since…forever. They’re part leggings, part polished pant–you’ll feel like you’re in yoga pants and your boss won’t know the difference! I have this pair from Halogen which are awesome! Shop more here. Can you tell I’ve got a thing for fall florals? This is another piece that you can start wearing now (It would be perfect with white jeans and my favorite cork heeled sandals!) I love the sheer sleeves and the peek-a-boo keyhole that just shows a hint of décolleté. (If you work in a very conservative environment, you could layer a cami underneath it if you’d prefer!) I absolutely adore the cut of this sweater–it’s super flattering and a bit on the cropped side so it looks great with high-waisted jeans and is easy to tuck in with no added bulk that a normal sweater might have! It would be even more versatile in black! You can see how I styled it for “in-between” summer/fall weather in this post! Note: It is a little bit shorter than other sweaters. I think this is ideal because it actually hits at a flattering part of your waist vs cutting you off at your hips (the widest part of your body, like other sweaters do–thus why I front tuck everything) but be prepared you’ll probably want to wear this with medium or high rise pants if you aren’t into front-tucking. I think I might be the only person who has discovered this top from the sale ? Which I am SO HAPPY about because that means it’s still fully in-stock! It’s super comfy, is a stretchy material with a great amount of give, and is kind of a cross between a tee and a blouse. I think it’s definitely nice enough to wear in a business casual setting, but it’s really easy to dress down with jeans. It’s so much more fun than a basic long sleeved tee and right now it’s only $29!  This pretty wrap is essentially a super chic blanket that is acceptable for all social occasions. ? It feels like a warm hug, is so incredibly soft, and makes any outfit you pair it with look much more upscale. Mine here is sold out but there are similar versions here! The one I’m wearing here is one I have from last year, BUT, there are so many similar versions available! I just ordered this J.Crew Sweater Blazer (I got camel but they have it in grey!) I also love this knit blazer and this version is also cute that ties at the sleeves! The exact one I’m wearing here is this trench by London Fog that I’ve owned for a couple years and it’s seriously one of the best staples I own. It comes with an awesome removable liner for added warmth. If you can’t splurge on the Burberry version, this is 100% the next best thing! (I mean, it’s probably just as good as the Burberry version, but under $200!) Again, one of my favorite brands, BlankNYC comes through again with another beautiful suede moto jacket this year! I already have a blue one for spring and I loved it so much that I snapped this one up as soon as I could when I saw it come out in this beautiful deep ruby burgundy. I love this color because it brings a lot more personality than an outfit than brown or black would, yet it’s still surprisingly very wearable with pretty much anything you pair it with. I’m wearing the Sam Edelman Caprice boots here, which are fully re-stocked (They sold out during the sale but they’re back! Yay!) I personally really like these boots (though the reviews are a bit sporadic)–especially the color, which is more unique–I think they’re very comfortable for high heeled boots and that they fit true to size. I will say that the tops are a bit more unstructured than I expected, so they look a bit slouchier vs. rigid and straight–but I think they’re beautiful boots! They also just came out with these boots which are similar! If you’re looking for flat boots, I love these boots but sadly they sold out in this color (still available in black and grey though!) but these are super similar in the same color AND they’re waterproof! You can also get a similar look with these boots, which are the prettiest dark red, just more orangey! Every woman needs a pair of black pumps–mine are slingbacks that I’ve had for years by Sam Edelman, one of my favorite shoe brands. This pair is super similar and I love the lower heel! Also, on the topic of slingbacks, I’m obsessed with these cap-toe slingbacks (Chanel look-alikes!) that are the perfect French-girl shoe! The booties I’m wearing here are sadly sold out HOWEVERR Sam Edelman just came out with these ankle boots that are pretty much identical (huzzah!) I also love their Petty Chelsea Booties–only $99! They’re so comfortable and good for someone who wants just a little bit of a heel and a shoe that is comfortable enough to do a lot of walking in! Leopard shoes are the best way to add personality to a basic outfit (especially if you’re in a work outfit rut and you want an easy/affordable way to spice up your existing 9-5 wear). Also, leopard pairs so well with solids and patterns alike! The exact pair I’m wearing here are (jeeze I didn’t realize how many Sam Edelman shoes I owned until this post ? I’m a broken record) Sam Edelman loafers. I also love these leopard heeled mules! (They’re also 40% off right now!) You guys are always asking for more ideas on how to wear OTK boots, so I wanted to throw a couple outfits with over the knee boots in here! Mine are the Lowland boots by Stuart Weitzman  but these Steve Madden boots are similar–Shaheen got them and has been raving about them–they seem like they fit very similar to the Stuart Weitzman boots and really hug your calf and thigh!  First up, this feminine dress, styled four ways–use these outfit combinations on any similar dress, and feel free to play around with the color palette to make it your own! Note: if you have a flowy dress with a belt, you can play around with how much fabric is pulled up and over the belt to change the length of your hemline! First, I wanted to showcase how I’d style it now–for summer! I love it paired with some cork sandals, summery statement earrings and a fun summery bamboo bag! This dress is perfect for the office with a pair of classic pumps, chic work tote and a trench for when it gets chilly out. The burgundy boots are the perfect match for this dress and bring out the subtle burgundy notes in the pattern. I honestly didn’t think high boots would work with this look but the dress hits in just the right spot to where they look really chic with it! Tall tan or black boots or booties would also look great here! Pair it with ankle booties (any color would work here!) and a moto jacket to give it an edgy twist, making it suitable for a date night!  Featured details: I absolutely love the pleated detailing of this dress along with the subtle ruffles of the collar and sheer sleeves!   Second, we have one of my favorites–this bell sleeve top! It’s basically like a really classy stretchy t-shirt material, so it’s easy to dress up or down! Here’s how I chose to style it: Pair it with ponte pants and some classic pumps for the office! If you don’t know about ponte pants–you’ll definitely want a pair if you work in an office environment! I also think they’re great for travel because they feel like leggings, but look like nice pants–making them super comfy but very versatile. More than half of you (according to an Instagram poll!) work in an office that’s a little less strict on dress code, allowing you to be a little more casual and playful with your wardrobe–so pairing it with a (not too short) suede skirt, tall boots, and a polished trench is the perfect combination of on-trend yet still professional. If the suede skirt is too short for your office, I LOVE this floral print skirt that is really fun but cut just above the knee, so it’s more conservative–plus, the floral pattern will look SO cute with stripes! Swap the above outfit with a suede skirt but swap for OTK boots and a cozy cashmere wrap for wine night with friends or a more casual date night. SEE how cute these jeans are!? (I know I’m having to sell some of you on cropped flares but I consider this my newest mission to convince you that they are amazing and that you can pull them off!) This might be one of my favorite outfits of the post! Anyway, pair your striped tee with those cropped flares, booties, and that beautiful cashmere wrap again for a look that’s casual but put together enough to wear just about anywhere! (Even casual Friday at work, for those of you who work in a more corporate office!)  Featured details: I would expect nothing less from Blondo–one of my favorite shoe brands–but everything about these boots from the quality of the suede to the impeccable stitching on the soles of the boots are beautiful. Plus, again, waterproof–so you don’t have to worry about ruining them in the rain or salty, snowy sidewalks! I know the burgundy is sold out, but they still come in black as well as grey!   This Rebecca Minkoff blouse was another favorite items scored from the Nordstrom sale–I love the dainty pattern and the fact that it has so many pretty details–like super subtle dainty ruffles at the bottom, the fabric-covered buttons at the cuffs of the billowy sheer sleeves, and the peek-a-boo keyhole at the top that shows JUST the right amount of skin, but not too much to where you couldn’t make it work for the office. It’s a keeper! Here’s how I styled it: It looks great with the office work horses–ponte pants and classic pumps! And just as pretty tucked into a suede skirt along with some OTK boots for a night out. It’s subtly sexy without being “look at me” over the top. For a look that is work-appropriate but still fashion forward, pull a blazer over the top and pair it with classic dark skinny jeans and tall boots! (Tan or black would work well here!) Cute and comfortable. I love this top paired with a contrasting leopard print shoe, cropped flares and of course–the cozy cashmere wrap!  Featured details: I’m a girl who really appreciates an eye for detail–and there is no shortage of them in this blouse–from the dainty pattern to the fabric colored button at the top and sheer sleeves–you’ll get so much wear out of this blouse!   I love this wrap sweater because it’s more refined than your average sweater–the wrap detail is so flattering and is one of the few sweaters that your husband won’t think is “grandmaish” ? I can count on one hands how many times Neal has complimented a sweater–this is one of them! For the office, pair it with–what else? Ponte pants and classic heels! Finish with the cashmere wrap around your shoulders to keep you toasty in the conference room and add another level of posh polish! Casual, yet put together with a blazer, cropped flares, and booties! Dark forest green paired with leopard is a favorite combination of mine (I think leopard looks particularly pretty paired with deep jewel tones!) so these leopard loafers were a no-brainer–the cropped flares also add another layer of personality and the trench brings it all together in classic way. At first I thought I hated the deep green with the deep burgundy of the moto jacket, but it’s actually a contrast that I ended up loving! Sometimes you have to try combinations you would never normally be drawn to to end up with a totally new outfit that you love! Finish with skinny jeans and some tall boots (for this combination, you’ll want a lighter color on the bottom to contrast the deep, dark hues on top!) WHEW! That was a long post–but I hope it was helpful! What do you think? Would love to know what else you’d like to see!  Check out more Capsule Wardrobe posts! Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Outfits, Style  
Amber says  July 20, 2018 at 9:34 am Jess, this post is perfect in ALL WAYS!  I love the outfit ideas and capsule remix you put together!  Thank you for slaving over this post for us readers, it’s beautifully done!
Hugs!
Amber 
Kimber says  July 20, 2018 at 9:46 am I’m so on the fence with those cropped flares!! I’m short and as of now they’re out of my size in petites! I’m so disappointed with Nordstrom’s this year on restocking! But I do have the suede Moto in my cart and a few other goodies. Great post! 
Julia says  July 20, 2018 at 10:08 am I love the dress. Which size are you wearing if I may ask? Also on the nordstrom website the lining appears to end much higher (way about the knee) – this is not the case in real life judging by the pictures? I would be hesitant to wear it to work if this is the case. Thank you 
Sara M says  July 20, 2018 at 10:32 am Ordering the Rebecca Minkoff blouse as we speak, also where is the tote from? 
Anne says  July 22, 2018 at 6:26 am I can’t even say how sick of NSale posts I am – but this is so great! I seriously love a remix post in any form, and when it’s attached to great deals, plus ideas for wearing in multiple seasons?! Sold! I wasn’t going to order anything but just might have to try those Blondo boots and the blouse. Thanks for the really useful recommendations and great photos. 
Melissa says  July 23, 2018 at 7:27 pm I managed to snag the green wrap sweater. I’m hoping it works for me.  Those burgundy boots are amazing but they are out of my size 
HiltonJuicy says  July 29, 2018 at 6:32 pm Hi. I see that you don’t update your site too often. I
know that writing posts is time consuming and boring. But did you know that there
is a tool that allows you to create new articles using existing content (from article directories or other pages from your
niche)? And it does it very well. The new posts are unique and pass the copyscape test.
You should try miftolo’s tools 
wiggins hair says  September 5, 2018 at 9:10 pm I love the dress. Which size are you wearing may I know?
https://www.wigginshair.com 
wiggins hair says  September 5, 2018 at 9:11 pm I love the dress, which side are you wearing may I know?
https://www.wigginshair.com 
wiggins hair says  September 5, 2018 at 9:13 pm Beautiful smile, and nice dress, love  you very much.
https://www.wigginshair.com 
Lana says  September 15, 2018 at 12:57 pm I remember seeing your post earlier about the Ponte pants and just ordered them for our Europe trip this winter. I Wanted comfortable pants that hold up well over several wears AND werent joggers. Because Europe. I bought the Halogen pair last week and they were on sale and available in my size! ?? I love them! Thanks for the recommendation! […] to date night with just a change of shoes! You can see how I style a floral midi several ways in this post! The brand who makes this dress is BB Dakota, which is one of my favorite brands they sell at both […] […] to 30 items or less. One of our favorite Chicago bloggers, Jess Keys, puts together her own wardrobe capsule collections and I LOVE this idea. It shows women that you can wear what you have in different ways and be happy […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Pj Sets, Red Rompers, High Waisted Flare Pants, Denim Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 18, 2019     Bachelorette party season is heating up, my friends! Andddd what can be more headache inducing than shopping for a bachelorette party that is both adorable and fun yet…age appropriate? ? (If you’ve been following this blog for awhile, you’ll remember the term I refer to fondly as “sausage dress”–you know, the tiny casing of a dress you stuffed your little 22 year old self into the first time you went to Vegas? Same dresses I used to wiggle myself into for New Years Eve. Yeah. Sausage dresses. They don’t fly in my closet anymore.)  Thus–you’ll be seeing no sausage dresses today. Phew. Instead, I’ll be showing you two great little black one-piece numbers that are sexy, bacheloretty-yet, quite tasteful. (You’ll even want to wear them when you AREN’T on a bachelorette party!)  Also–you’ll never guess where they’re from: express!! (This is my first time partnering with them, but I’ve been eyeing what they’ve been doing for awhile now!) Yep. They have some *prettyyyyy* dang cute [affordable!] stuff, and as luck would have it–a lot of options for that one occasion that makes us all wring our hands when it comes to shopping: bachelorettes!  First up…some I would highly recommend looking for when shopping for a bachelorette outfit:  1. A dark color  I know hot pink is fun and all, but half the time you’re probably going to be asked to wear black anyway (because, you know, that’s what you do at bachelorette parties apparently) so you may as well get ahead of the game. Black isn’t just the most flattering color, but it also disguises spilled red wine, neon colored jello shots, and anything else the bride is probably going to spill on you. ? 2. A romper or jumpsuit:  (Typing this and mentally thinking to myself…”this post is probably going to reveal a lot about my friends” ?…) I know I don’t speak for everyone here, but a LOT of my friends are goofy, silly, and wild. (Not REMOTELY in the “college spring break” kind of way–but in a weird “let’s start a limbo train/invisible jump rope competition/conduct a worm dance-off in the middle of the dance floor” kind of way). So–dresses are never actually the *best* idea because they come associated with a lot of inevitable wardrobe malfunctions that don’t lend themselves well to shenanigans. (As you can imagine.) Rompers and jumpsuits are far better ideas because they keep the Marilyn Monroe opportunities to a minimum. Granted, if those aren’t your thing, express has tons of other adorable items that would be perfect for the occasion as well!  That being said–I present to you the two ensembles that meet my stringent requirements:    I love this jumpsuit. Conservative yet still perfect for an occasion such as a bachelorette. You can dress it up with strappy heels and a dark red lip for somewhere like Vegas or Miami, or you can pair it with some flat sandals, beach waves, and a jean jacket or leather jacket for a laid-back casual vibe. Note: I think it runs TTS, but I do think it’s better for those with average to shorter torsos! I’m also 5’6 for height reference!      To show a little more skin (tastefully!) this little faux wrap dress (it’s actually a romper) is PERFECT–especially for hot weather! It’s really cool and the fabric is loose and flowy. Wear it with stilettos for a night on the town, with more casual espadrille wedges or flat sandals and a jean jacket for a more casual night out. You can’t go wrong with this one!  Sizing: TTS, if not a teensy bit loose (but I prefer it that way to balance out the short hemline). I ordered an XS.   How CUTE is this leopard purse!? I love that the chain strap is adjustable, so you can wear it as a cross-body (obviously essential for invisible jump-rope competitions) or you can wear it as a cute shoulder bag too! Huge plus: It takes up ZERO room in your suitcase! It also fits a surprising amount of stuff!  I went with emerald green statement earrings here–I admit, I’ve never considered wearing emerald green before, but Grace got me on the bandwagon–she wears it so often and it’s SO PRETTY! ?? express has the CUTEST affordable jewelry, and I never would’ve guessed to look there! A statement earring can take a look from boring to fun in about two seconds, so I’m always a big fan of them, especially for an occasion like a bachelorette party!  Shop more easy bachelorette looks from express:   Brought to you in partnership with express (a retailer I recently re-discovered!) and ShopStyle. All opinions are 110% my own!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Mules, Black Off Shoulder Dresses, Grey Coats, Heeled Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 9, 2017   Coat: Barbour Quilted Beadnell c/o Tuckernuck (the olive version is on sale right now at Nordstrom!) You can also see the navy Barbour beadnell styled here! // Sweater: Topshop at Nordstrom (also love this similar grey version) // Jeans: Levi’s 711 skinny jeans (they’re on sale for $39!) I also have been wanting this similar pair forever! // Shoes: Jack Purcell (I was between these and this pair, but went for the classic all-white!) // Bag: Madewell Transport Tote (my favorite go-to tote bag, they have about every color and material under the sun!) Available on Nordstrom and Shopbop but you can get it monogrammed from Madewell // Lipstick: My #1 go-to shade–MAC Lady Danger (I also recommend their lip scrub, which is SO good for winter, and their lip primer!) // Hair: Curled with a Beachwaver curling iron, Oribe Texture Spray // Nail polish: Essie’s no-chip gel polish–it actually stays really well compared to normal polish! I did a little review of it here. So, I spent about an hour yesterday thinking that it was Thursday and that today was going to be Friday.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 WHOOPS! #PalmToFace. So, as sad as I am that it ISN’T Friday, I’m still happy that it’s Thursday, because Neal is getting home from his business trip today (yay!) and we’re going to dinner at Giant. It’s one of the biggest “it” restaurants right now in Logan Square–which is kind of a big deal for us because our “go to trendy dinners all the time” days are few and far between now that we’re officially old and everything. We also have a super fun weekend coming up–we’re doing a little staycation on Friday night/Saturday morning at the Gray hotel! Have you heard of it? It’s one of the most beautiful hotels I’ve ever seen! If I could design and decorate a hotel, I’m pretty sure it would look exactly like this. We’ll be grabbing cocktails at this swanky spot, and they have a gorgeous rooftop bar called Boleo (yes, it’s open in the winter, too!) that we’ll be eating dinner at. (Wouldn’t it be such a beautiful spot for a wedding?) We’re also getting massages, so you could pretty much say I’m counting down the seconds! Otherwise, the work week so far has been busy but uneventful–I’m admittedly feeling a little scrambly (is that a word?) as I have some exciting travel plan/projects coming up that I’m racing to get all the details together for–more on that later, can’t wait to share with you! Buttt the scrambly “too much to do” feeling isn’t anything a few cups of coffee can’t tackle, right?! Anyway, I’ve been living in basics like these lately–especially given the sudden warm weather surge we experienced earlier this week! (Remember when I squealed about wearing my Barbour jacket and sneakers earlier this week? GASP–exposed ankles in February!?) This is one of my all-time favorite casual outfits, and is a combination that will never steer you wrong! A classic sweater (I love the oatmeal color of this one!), ripped jeans, classic white sneakers, and a quilted jacket are always in style and suitable for so many occasions. (By the way, my Barbour quilted Beadnell and lot’s of other Barbour is on MAJOR sale in the olive color right here!) Shop Barbour Sale:    Anndddd speaking of casual outfits, I will likely be throwing several variations of this one into my suitcase for my upcoming trips! (I always wear something similar on the plane, too! For long flights, just swap jeans for comfy leggings!) Ok. Back to my scrambyness. (Scrambliness?) errr I mean to-do list.        Shop this post:    P.S. looking for more casual outfits? Check out Cold Winter Casual, Vacation Casual and Rainy Day Casual Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Liz (26 and Counting) says  February 9, 2017 at 8:37 am Love hearing about what places fellow Chicagoans are checking out! I’ll have to add Giant to my growing list of places to try  
Jackie says  February 9, 2017 at 9:05 am Love the simple outfit and they are just the best. I thought the same today too and thought it was Friday but oh well right.  Jackie | fashionxfairytale | 
Britney says  February 9, 2017 at 11:28 am Love this! Super simple and cute- and your Jack Purcell’s look great! Makes me sad mine aren’t so crisp and white anymore. 
Diana Pearl says  February 9, 2017 at 12:57 pm such a cute look! so ready to break out my barbour again. enjoy your staycation! sounds heavenly.  x diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Rachel says  February 9, 2017 at 3:15 pm Such a great look for the weekend! I hope you have a wonderful dinner! Rachel / http://www.helloher.co 
Joules says  February 10, 2017 at 9:40 am Loving that sweater on you! Cute casual look! Style by Joules 
Courtney Sims says  February 17, 2017 at 12:45 pm LOVE this outfit!!! I am trying to find those exact shoes…the link is saying that they are either out of stock or not available. Is there anywhere else you have seen them?? 
Tomi Obebe says  February 28, 2017 at 10:48 pm Your blog photographer seriously kills it every time! haha your posts make me consistently want to pin everything.  http://goodtomicha.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Cutout Dresses, Black Heeled Booties, Heeled Sandals, White Sheath Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 23, 2016   Shop the collage:    
Thursday!? Whoooaaaaa where did you come from!? Has this week been flying by for you too? Flying by so much in fact, the Shopbop sale totally snuck up on me!  Did you hear that they’re having a major sale this week? Shopbop sales are my favorite times to stock up on some great essentials–they have so many cute things on sale right now–including lot’s of pretty dresses (I really think I need this one for SOME wedding occasion this year, don’t you think?!)  summery tops, and cute sandals! Even if Shopbop isn’t in your price range most of the time, there are always some affordable finds to be had on sale!  All sale styles are an extra 25% off with the code 25EXTRA–but only through tomorrow! You definitely want to act fast before the best stuff gets snapped up!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 By the way, we have two more free Blogging For Keeps WordPress webinars today, if you haven’t signed up yet, you can do so here! Come hang out with us–we’d love to see you!  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Jenn Lake says  June 23, 2016 at 8:57 am So many good options! Sending you + Blair good vibes for the seminars – I wish my schedule allowed for me to join! Next time! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Leather Watches, Black Bralettes, Black Chokers, White Pumps Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 19, 2013   1.colorblock field jacket // 2.two-toned cardigan // 3.sabrina coat //4.floral topcoat // 5.fur hooded parka  // 6. quilted tack jacket    I was typically perusing the jcrew & jcrew factory websites today and discovered some great sales on outerwear. Coats in general run pretty steep, they aren’t your normal item to typically stock up on (at least, not for me on my advertising salary) At these prices, I was tempted to impulsively add them all to my shopping cart! Enter code FALLSALE on jcrew.com to get an additional 30%. Enjoy! Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop High Waist Flare Pants, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, White Sheath Dresses, Printed Sweaters and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 8, 2016   White Jeans: old, but similar here (high rise), here (mid rise), and here (budget-friendly). I also love versions with rips in the knees, like this pair and this pair (both budget friendly!) //  Sweater: Asos (old, but similar here.) // Loafers: c/o Barbour (old) but love M.Gemi and Everlane for loafers as well. // Scarf: Vintage, but love this version and this version. Etsy is also great for scoring vintage scarves! // Coat: c/o Ann Taylor (sold out) but love this similar style. If you’re looking for a neutral spring coat, I also love Cupcakes & Cashmere’s new trench (only $160!) // Bag: J.Crew Uptown Tote. Also love my red Gigi NY tote, which is very similar!    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Reason number 875 why I really need to get my you-know-what together and organize my closet: discovering “new” items I forgot I even owned.  Case in point: my white jeans! A month or so ago I was working with my typical go-to denim options: skinnies or boyfriends. (As a “style blogger” you’d really think I’d own more than two pairs of jeans at a given time.) Turns out, I did. Rifling through my closet uncovered (ba ba baaaahh) white jeans that I completely forgot I owned! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I then promptly wore them for nearly a week straight. (When I find an outfit I love, I am often a repeat offender for days or weeks at a time. If it’s not broken, don’t fix it, am I right?)  One of those white-pants-on-repeat-occasions was Saturday brunch with some of my blogger girlfriends, when these photos were taken. In fact,  at I first refused to shoot this outfit, because I had just posted this outfit post and didn’t want to annoy you with white jeans overload. Kelly told me I was crazy and took them anyway, so, hopefully you aren’t sick of them! (I mean, I’m a normal person, I repeat outfits. Hopefully you find this quality more endearing than annoying.)  Anyway, read on for what I wore to brunch, and three of my favorite transitional wardrobe staples. (Spoiler alert: yes, white jeans is one of them.)   Yes, yes, big shocker here given the above white jeans rant. While they’re traditionally reserved for summer, there’s so much to love about white jeans during this transitional time of year. First, you’re absolutely sick of your current clothes. (If you’re trying to tell me you aren’t sick of wearing the same damn winter clothes for four months straight, I’m not sure if you’re a real human.)  One way to trick your wardrobe into feeling new, is to switch your regular jeans out for white ones! This simple switch makes it feel like you went shopping even though you actually didn’t. (You’re welcome.) Even wearing your old go-to winter sweater with white jeans instantly brightens up your look, making it look fresh and new.     Transitional wardrobe essential #2: Loafers. These work especially well when you’re stuck in seasonal footwear purgatory–i.e. in between boot and sandal weather. Loafers are more polished than sneakers, a nice alternative to ballet flats, and add a great dose of classic prep to your outfit. If I want to further balance out the prep factor of loafers, I often pair them with lightly distressed boyfriend jeans.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

   No news here, a silk scarf, and anything else that adds an extra layer of warmth, added interest, and a pop of pattern is a win-win situation when it comes to transitional dressing. A silk scarf or bandana wrapped effortlessly around your neck gives off that Parisian street style meets Jackie Kennedy feel that I’m always secretly striving for. (Welp. I guess now the secret is out.) Speaking of Jackie Kennedy, did you catch Race for the White House last night? The history nerd in me loved it!  (P.S. check out my list of favorite silk scarves right over here.)   Photos by Kelly Larkin    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Megan says  March 8, 2016 at 6:49 am Absolutely beautiful Jess!! I love all of these tips and who doesn’t love a silk scarf?! Have a wonderful day // http://lifeplusbe.com 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  March 8, 2016 at 7:12 am Very cute!! And yay for spring coming! 
Catherine Marks says  March 8, 2016 at 8:54 am Thanks for this–sometimes it’s hard to even remember that it’s time to start transitioning! I love old-school penny loafers and repeat-offend them allllll the time. 
xo,
Catherine
http://www.classiccatherine.com 
Caitlin says  March 8, 2016 at 10:35 am You look so chic Jess! What lipstick are you wearing? 
Maggie says  March 8, 2016 at 10:56 am Super cute Jess! I have a pair of white cropped jeans that I wore to work yesterday! Love them!
-Maggie  http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Erin of Color Me Styled & WCBC says  March 8, 2016 at 1:11 pm Love this look – especially the neckscarf. It’s one of those pieces that I’d probably never actually wear myself but that I love seeing on others!  
Kelly in the City says  March 9, 2016 at 4:49 pm HAPPY MEMORIES!!  Haha and yes, you’re crazy, hehe.  WHITE JEANS ALL DAY EVERY DAY. xoxo […] Also see: How to wear white jeans in winter, and more on what to wear with white jeans  […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Flats, Long Black Maxi Dresses, Frayed Shorts, Pink Sneakers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 15, 2014   Neal and I recently got back from another whirlwind trip in the Pacific Northwest. After two days in Portland for my cousin’s wedding, we decided to make the most of our trip and tack on two extra days to explore what Washington had to offer. The closest I’ve ever been to Napa and Sonoma is stalking travel guides on Pinterest, so when I was within 3 hours of Washington wine country, you can probably guess what I did next. I googled the hell out of it. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  And it brought us to Yakima, Washington. Our first stop in our two day exploration through Washington. Kind of in the middle of nowhere. Pretty suspicious up until the point where we turned down this one deserted road (cue the tumbleweeds) and boom — there were vineyards! It was incredibly low-key, and just what we needed after two bustling days of wedding festivities. We stayed at an adorable, historic B&B called Birchfield Manor, which I immediately fell in love with. It was conveniently located and was a short drive to all the vineyards and downtown area. Their pretty backyard made the perfect setting for this shoot! When we arrived, we ditched our bags and headed downtown to tasting rooms, Gilbert Cellars, where I had the best Rose I’ve ever tasted and Antolin Cellars, where we fell in love with a bottle of smokey Malbec. Being completely starving, admittedly, we stopped at Taco Bell with the intention of a snack and ended up eating approximately two crunchwrap supremes and 4 tacos (woops!) In my defense,  I haven’t had it in over a year! Not many people who go to wine country and eat at Taco Bell, right? I know you were wondering — but classy actually isn’t my middle name — it’s Lynn. Post TB scarf fest in our rental car, we hit two other wineries, Wilridge (my favorite) & NHV. I’ve never seen a more incredible view. (Those photos are coming next post…so stay tuned for more of that.) Unfortunately I have no romantic wine country restaurants to share with you, unless you’re into cheesy gordita crunches.  In my opinion, this was the perfect travel outfit. I was so excited for an excuse to pull on my new J.Crew blazer I scored on mega-sale, thanks to Rack It Up! (Side note: If you haven’t heard of them — you need to check out my review here). The material of the blazer is pretty sturdy, so it doesn’t wrinkle easily, and the pattern easily hides dirt and any other mishaps that might happen before you can get home to your local dry cleaner (because you all know I’m quite prone to spilling coffee). Being the print-mixing fiend that I am, I wore it with my favorite striped sweater (also styled here). My new silver Badgley Mischka sandals I scored at the Gilt City Warehouse Sale were ideal travel shoes — they take up literally no room in my suitcase and instantly add a bit of polish to anything I wear. Last but not least, boyfriend jeans are my secret travel weapon. They make any outfit look way cooler than your standard skinnies, and their loose fit makes them a more comfortable option.      Shop Wine Country:  // <![CDATA[
!function(d,s,id){var e, p = /^http:/.test(d.location) ? 'http' : 'https';if(!d.getElementById(id)) {e = d.createElement(s);e.id = id;e.src = p + '://' + 'd27mzdfpkg2pgg.cloudfront.net' + '/js/shopthepost.js';d.body.appendChild(e);}if(typeof window.__stp === 'object') if(d.readyState === 'complete') {window.__stp.init();}}(document, 'script', 'shopthepost-script');
// ]]&gt;  Filed Under: Outfits, Travel  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop High Rise Skinny Jeans, Designer Gowns On Sale, Black And Gold Jewelry, Kate Spade Outlet and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 18, 2014   I was so excited when I was asked to do a collaboration with one of America’s most iconic brands — American Eagle Outfitters! I decided a shoot so fun could only take place in my favorite part of the city — Chinatown. Although the location was risky in the photobomb department (cough…look closely in the background of this photo) and extra windy (lot’s of awkward Marilyn moments) it was my ideal Sunday afternoon. Give me a cute dress, Dim Sum, and a couple coconut buns from Chiu Quon bakery, and I’m a happy camper.  As a teen spending my high school years in Arizona, I grew up in AEO’s teeny-tiny cutoff jean shorts and tanks (evading many a security officer as a repeat offender of the three finger tank strap and shorts must be longer than your finger tips dress code rules). Don’t be fooled though, just like 15-year-old me in my Rocket Dogs and Puka Shell necklaces, American Eagle today has very much grown up. These days, you’ll find incredible gladiator sandals, dangerously adorable crop tops, hippie-chic jumpsuits, and so much more. I want it all.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   One of my current favorites is this flirty, floral babydoll dress (c/o). It’s the perfect transitional dress from spring to summer. Don’t get me wrong, I love a bright “in your face” floral print as much as anyone (I’ll show you my latest J.Crew receipt to prove it!) but this subtle pattern is a piece of cake to wear with pretty much anything in your closet. It looks just as great with a few layers as it does all on it’s own. Here I’ve paired it with my favorite Zara trench coat and pastel pink heels to brave the Windy City spring. When the weather warms up (if that ever happens?), it’s going to be the perfect summer beach dress! Every woman needs a versatile piece like this in her closet! Be sure to check out how my friends Christine of The View From 5 ft. 2 and Blaire from The Fox & She styled their AE baby doll dresses, too!                                  This post was sponsored by American Eagle Outfitters. All opinions are my own.  Filed Under: Style  
Hoda says  April 18, 2014 at 9:53 pm SO cute! I love how effortlessly classy your outfit is, and how happy you look! Lovely photos! xx <(`) Hoda || <a href="http://joojoo-blog.blogspot.com">JooJoo Azad ~ Free Bird</a> 
jess keys says  April 19, 2014 at 5:21 pm Thanks, Hoda!!  
Jenna Michelle says  April 18, 2014 at 11:30 pm First off, that lipstick was made for you. Second, that baby doll dress is adorable! I couldn’t get enough of that style in high school and it looks just as cute now!  xo,Jennahttp://www.adornedwithlove.com 
jess keys says  April 19, 2014 at 5:23 pm Thanks love!! This lipstick is definitely my go-to shade– best drugstore buy ever! And so glad you like this dress!  
Effie says  April 21, 2014 at 10:07 pm Love your look! <3 effiesdress.com 
jess keys says  April 30, 2014 at 5:26 pm Thanks, Effie!  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Wide Leg Jeans, Off Shoulder Black Dresses, Leather Watches, Light Blue Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 13, 2016   Top: c/o SheIn // Sneakers: Keds (They’re custom designed with a monogram and gold rivets!) // Jeans: Henry & Belle // Bag: Vintage Louis Vuitton Speedy 30 (I got mine years ago on eBay, but they have a lot for amazing prices on The Real Real!) // Bracelets: J.Crew and BusyWrist 
Earlier this week, Neal and I headed to Logan Square for a date night at Parson’s Chicken and Fish! Logan Square is one of the coolest up and coming neighborhoods in the city, but I had only been there twice in my whole life! I truly had no idea that this part of the city ever existed (how silly of me?) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

That being said–it did not disappoint! Parson’s has been a Chicago staple for awhile now, they have a big outdoor space, too–so I can’t wait to return when the weather is a little warmer! I would highly recommend the hot chicken and hush puppies! Their hot sauces are also amazing, next time I go, I’m going to stock up for the fridge!  Pretty much everything I’m wearing in this photo is a staple I’ve been wearing non-stop, so clearly it was the perfect outfit for a casual date night.  From this insanely budget-friendly chambray ruffle shirt to my new monogrammed Keds! I’m obsessed with them, I even picked out gold rivets in lieu of the traditional white ones. They’re very subtle, but make the cutest statement and add something a little extra special to your outfit.  I also recently cleaned out my closet from top to bottom, and found my old Louis Vuitton bag that I had purchased on eBay in college. It was the first big purchase I ever made for myself–I remember how proud I was pulling it out of the box! It’s a little beaten up, but I still love it and I’m so glad I found it–it’s gotten so much use recently after a very long hiatus!  The weekend over here is going to be busy! Friday I’m meeting up with my college girlfriends to celebrate my friend Maggie’s birthday, and Saturday I’ve got some errands to run for a partnership I have in the works in the suburbs. Then we’re meeting our friends, Stacy and Mark, who live nearby for lunch! So excited, it’s been years since we’ve seen them. After that, we have to zip back to the city to do some filming for yet another blog project that afternoon.  CRAZY TOWN! Hopefully we’ll have Sunday all to ourselves though to do something fun.       Shop the post:    Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style  
Alyssa J Freitas says  May 13, 2016 at 6:50 am So cute! I’m spending the day with one of my girl friends who just came back from Thailand, which will include yoga, sushi, and great conversation  
Jess says  May 13, 2016 at 10:26 am That sounds like a dream, Alyssa!! Nothing better than a great girls catch-up night! 
Jess Zimlich says  May 13, 2016 at 8:16 am Busy busy girlfriend! I purposely made no plans this weekend other than a spin class Saturday morning so I can finally catch up on things…like the closet clean out I started weeks (okay, over a month) ago. I came home yesterday to see Pete had neatly lined up all the shoes I’m getting rid of (which had been scattered all over our bedroom floor) because he kept tripping over them…oops. I hope you get some time to kick back and relax on Sunday  26 and Not Counting 
Jess says  May 13, 2016 at 10:26 am Hahaha omg there are so many shoes lined up on my bedroom floor because they don’t fit in my closet! Tell Pete Neal feels his pain!  Good luck with the closet clean out, lady! 
Megan says  May 13, 2016 at 8:50 am Such a cute outfit! I have almost an identical top to that off the shoulder denim and live in it! I hope you have the best weekend and can’t wait to see these upcoming projects! I have no plans this weekend besides seeing the Jungle Book tonight! After typing this, I realized just how lame that sounds haha! // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Jess says  May 13, 2016 at 10:26 am Thanks Megan! Umm that actually sounds like my perfect night! You have to report back to tell me how the Jungle Book is! 
Gentry says  May 13, 2016 at 9:14 am Monogrammed Keds?! That’s pretty much perfection in my book! 
Jess says  May 13, 2016 at 10:27 am Right!? I can’t get over them. Sometimes when I wear at them I just stare at them because I love them so much hahah 
Caitlin says  May 13, 2016 at 1:18 pm I love this look on you! So cute! 
Kristina Anderson says  May 13, 2016 at 3:51 pm That top is so cute!! I don’t usually like off the shoulder but the denim makes it. I often forget Logan Square exists too, I’ve probably only been over there 10x or less. Every time I go I’m struck by how cute it is!  http://www.kristinadoestheinternets.com 
Tracy Coble says  May 15, 2016 at 2:19 pm I am obsessed with Keds and have so many pairs. Like it’s kind of becoming a problem. I MUST have a monogrammed pair! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gowns Dresses, Blue Backpacks, Gold Pumps Shoes, Shoe Wedges On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 25, 2014  I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, this weather is not stopping me from busting out my spring wardrobe. I scored this awesome Alexander Wang shirt dress at Nordstrom rack for only $150 and I couldn’t bear to let it hang by its lonesome in my closet any longer. Unfortunately, it also snowed that day, so I layered the dress over a long sleeve tee and my favorite pair of boyfriend jeans. It ended up being one of my favorite combos yet! Now I’m just counting down the days where I can actually wear a dress without 5 layers underneath it. Sigh. Maybe in July?  And in other news…I chopped off my hair this weekend. Yep, this is the last post you’ll see of me with my long hair (sorry, this was obviously taken pre-chop!)  I feel like I got a bob, but actually it’s just to my shoulders. Big moves for me. Get excited, more photos to come on that.  Have a great Tuesday!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
           Shoes: Kenneth Cole (similar), Dress: Alexander Wang (similar below), Jeans: Paige Denim, Purse: Rebecca Minkoff (also from Nordstrom Rack)   Filed Under: Style  
chelsie says  March 25, 2014 at 3:50 pm love this look! blue is my favorite color!! 
jess keys says  April 9, 2014 at 12:40 pm Thanks Chelsie! 
Johanna says  March 25, 2014 at 6:21 pm Love the whole ensemble especially your bag! 
jess keys says  April 9, 2014 at 12:40 pm Thanks Johanna! It was a great deal at Nordstrom Rack  
Tasha Sandler Dunlop says  March 26, 2014 at 12:14 pm Obsessed with this! 
jess keys says  April 9, 2014 at 12:40 pm You can borrow it! 
Sarah-Louise B. says  March 27, 2014 at 3:31 am Gorgeous outfit, you look fab! I LOVE the bag and the touch of gold with silver shoes. ALso, can’t believe you got your hair cut OMG big decision right?? I have longer hair too and get the odd flitting thought of wanting a long bob like Fearne Cotton (check it out) but then I’m like NO.I.COULD.NEVER.GET.IT.CUT.OFF… It’s such a vanity thing, I would feel so naked without my long locks even though it is a pain to manage. Can’t wait to see the new do!  notlikethemoviesblog.comXO 
jess keys says  April 9, 2014 at 12:41 pm Thanks love! Yes it was kind of a split decision but I’m so glad I did it! It’s so much easier, my long hair was weighing me down. Literally! I would recommend it! 
Rachel says  March 27, 2014 at 3:31 pm SO CHIC! 
jess keys says  April 9, 2014 at 12:42 pm Thanks Rachel!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold Pumps Shoes, Camis And Tanks, Black Clutches, Long Black Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 1, 2017     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 HAPPY MARCH! Wahoo! Spring is on the horizon!  Speaking of [spring break, that is] I realized, I still had one more Mexico post to share with you guys   (I mayyyyy have saved the best for last!)  What are your thoughts on one-piece bathing suits?  Personally, I’m so glad they’re a thing again. I got this navy one-piece just in time for Mexico!  I think the key to the flattering one-piece is the deep (but not too wide, so it’s still classy) neckline. I also love both the texture and the navy color of the suit. I was going for black but I fell in love with the classic navy–also, it’s backless, so you don’t have to worry about those pesky tan lines! (The main reason I decided I needed a one-piece!) Side note: Make sure to check out my post on the Shopbop sale that went live yesterday, there are tons of bathing suits included!  Shop more Shopbop vacation favorites:    We took these photos on our last day in Mexico. (We stayed at Secrets Playa Mujeres in Cancun–I did a whole review on it here!)  It was INSANELY windy that afternoon, but we weren’t going to let that spoil our last few hours before we flew back to frigid, grey Chicago–so we went down to the beach anyway and snagged a cabana.  We hilariously and haphazardly made a wind wall out of the curtains on one side tied to a chair, and covered up with towels to keep from getting too cold, but HELLO we were outside on a beach and it was JANUARY!? Still not complaining. The Modelo was flowing and it was still the best day ever.  We also brought Neal’s Alexa (AKA his Amazon Echo Dot, if you’re getting specific) with us and hooked it up to a portable battery so we had music down by the beach too! (Would definitely recommend this setup if you ever decide to do a beach vacation!)  This was probably the most fun we’ve ever had doing a photo shoot. I’m not really even sure why–I think probably a combination of the fact that it was our last day on vacation, so we were super relaxed, and we also happened to have most of the beach to ourselves, which was a nice change! Since they don’t share a beach with any other resorts, it was pretty common to have the whole beach nearly to yourself, which was pretty cool! Until the weather heats up again…at least we have these photos to remind us what 80 degrees feels like, right? Shop more favorite one-pieces at every price point:      (Taken from our tiki hideout!) 
 (The above taken before the storm hit!)   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 More vacation inspiration: What I packed for Mexico and the cutest beach-to-dinner dress. Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Gold Clutter says  March 1, 2017 at 6:59 am I love your sunglasses. http://goldclutter.blogspot.com 
Britney Crawley says  March 1, 2017 at 8:13 am You look great- this suit is so flattering! I’m also a fan of one pieces. My husband, not so much. I have a coral one piece that he likes, but that’s about it. I think it helps when the only difference between a bikini and the cut of the one piece is the stomach coverage. This way it looks cute and age appropriate. Loving the other suits you linked too! 
Rachel Spross says  March 1, 2017 at 9:38 am That one piece is so chic! And I love that hat on you. Too cute! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Classic Catherine says  March 1, 2017 at 9:56 am What a gorgeous suit! I love the neckline, and I am all about the one-pieces. 
xoxo,
Classic Catherine 
Joules says  March 1, 2017 at 10:03 am Gorgeous suit! Love the low back! Style by Joules 
Devon says  March 1, 2017 at 11:12 am I’m obsessed with that swimsuit! Love the navy! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
TheVagabondWayfarer says  March 1, 2017 at 11:50 am I love the color. You are rocking it, Jess.
http://thevagabondwayfarer.com/ 
Megan says  March 1, 2017 at 12:12 pm Beauty! Jess, you look amazing and I love that suit // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Diana Pearl says  March 1, 2017 at 5:01 pm Such a gorgeous suit! I’m so into the navy. I love one pieces, I’m super pale so for me it’s just one more place that I know is protected by the sun! 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  March 2, 2017 at 7:39 am Looking gorgeous! I can’t wait to be in the sunshine soon – this weather is crazy! 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  March 3, 2017 at 9:37 am Love this suit!! Wish I was on the beach now—it’s freezing today! 
Christina says  March 3, 2017 at 1:29 pm Love the suit! And the pics are just stunning. Christina | http://www.cuddlepill.com 
Sheena Lakhani says  March 5, 2017 at 3:30 pm I LOVE one-piece bathing suits and I’m so excited that they’re back! And this blue one is so cute and classy!  I’ve never been that girl who was super comfortable wearing a two-piece. It’s mostly because I’ve got boobs and it’s SO difficult to find a bathing suit top that fits a small waist but a big bust. Anyways, since I do have big boobs, I’m not one for the deep necklines. Instead, I go for the high neckline in the front but the deep and sexy back! I think it’s a good alternative for those who love one-pieces and don’t want to go the cleavage route.  http://sheenaandthecity.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Dresses, Black Clutches, Black Sneakers, Lace Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 24, 2016   Shirt: Banana Republic Dillon Fit Striped Shirt (also comes in red–plus, I love this shirt with bold blue vertical stripes) // Shoes: Banana Republic Honey Fringe Sandals (also come in tan, black, green, and blue!) // Jeans: Madewell // Jacket: Urban Outfitters (old) but similar here  // Watch: Shinola   




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Guys, whoa.  Hi, my name is Jess, the slaphappy walking zombie who does not know what time zone she’s in or what day it is.  In case you missed it, I took a casual last minute two night trip to Iceland earlier this week along with IcelandAir, and just got back last night. The trip was the COOLEST thing ever. I honestly hadn’t really thrown Iceland into the rotation of my top travel bucket list destinations before this trip, but after experiencing it, all I can say was that it was absolutely mind blowingly beautiful, and I have no idea why I hadn’t put it at the top of my list earlier.  I had planned on popping in each day and sharing a few photos and tidbits of the day, but honestly, our schedule was so jam packed, I just never got the chance! (And also, technology hates me, so the wifi was not on my side.)  But we’ll get into that later–for now, let’s focus on today’s outfit post, which I shot last week with Blair a couple days before we left for Iceland! Since we’re in the peak of whacko transitional weather at the moment, this outfit has become a favorite go-to of mine.   I just picked up this button down at Banana Republic (which they also have in red!) and it’s super soft–I love the casual boyfriend fit, which I either tie at the bottom or do a little side/half-tuck action depending on how crazy I’m feeling that day. (I know, I’m so wild.)  The real star of the show though, is obviously these shoes! (THE SHOOOOESSSS.) I’ve been eyeing lot’s of fringe heels lately and I finally took the plunge on this pair–I picked them up along with the shirt at a recent Banana Republic sale and felt like I hit the jackpot. They’re really not bad comfort wise as far as heels go–I’ve worn them for hours at a time and haven’t had problems with my feet! Sizing runs true to size, and another thing to note–the fringe does fluff up a bit over time.  My camo jacket and these jeans are also also two spring go-to’s. I love pairing them with something slightly more feminine because it creates a great girly-tomboy contrast.  Okay I would write more but let’s be honest my brain stopped working 5 paragraphs ago, so I’m going to leave you with this parting message–I’m hosting a fun shopping event at Macy’s State Street tomorrow–part of the Macy’s Flower Show! I’ll be there along with Shai from Drunk on Shoes and Farheen of FarhFromOrdinary.com! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

We’ll be there giving personal style advice on the latest spring trends–there will also be a live DJ, you can get your own fashion illustration, makeup touchups by Benefit Cosmetics, and create your own floral iPhone case! You can get all the details about the event right here. I hope to see you!           Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Natalie Was Here says  March 24, 2016 at 8:36 am AHHH!!! I just bought these shoes last week! To say I’m obsessed would be the understatement of the year. They are definitely the most fun pair of shoes I own, and I can’t wait to wear them to all the weddings I have coming up (SOOO many weddings). And how you styled them with camo jacket?! Love, love, love.  xo,
Natalie | Natalie Was Here P.S. – Iceland looked AMAZING. That lil horse was the cutest <3 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  March 25, 2016 at 12:08 pm so cute! love how these turned out and loved getting to be in Iceland with you!! 
Woven with Gold says  March 28, 2016 at 8:34 pm Love the matching lips & heels! 
Lindsey Simon says  April 4, 2016 at 7:20 pm Obsessed with those heels!!!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Trendy Tops, Denim Mini Skirts, Knit Dresses, Blouses On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 29, 2014  If you’re like me,  the days fly by so fast that you always find yourself running out of time before a holiday weekend with nothing festive to wear! Luckily you still have a couple days to figure it out (gotta love rush shipping). This late in the game, opt for a fuss-free, festive frock. Just one piece, and you’re all done!  Shop by favorite picks below.   Filed Under: Style  
Ali Bronska says  June 30, 2014 at 9:15 pm Love that ADDISON dress! I think I am going to have to get it for the holiday! Thank goodness for rush shipping  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Triangle Bikinis Tops, Yellow Bikinis, Printed Blouses, Red Bikinis and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 17, 2019   This post brought to you by myself + Everlane!  Goooood morning!  Today we continue the “Fall things you can’t wear yet because it’s still 80 degrees but GET REALLY EXCITED ANYWAY” discussion.  Last week on IG stories (per usual) I asked for SO much feedback regarding alllll kinds of topics here on the blog, and the topic of “basics” really kept popping up in particular, so, I thought, for this month’s post in partnership with Everlane (we’ve got one more slated for October too! ) it would be a great time to focus on just that–simple pieces you can wear tons of different ways!  Or, as my idol, Ina Garten would call it, “Back to Basics!”  Whenever someone asks for my suggestions on wardrobe staples and basics, my first responses is almost always “EVERLANE!” They truly make the best quality staples for the best prices. They have their own [ethical!] factories (which you can read all about here!) and they sell direct to you and me–the consumers, without the crazy markup! They’re all about transparency, from knowing exactly where your clothes are made, to how much profit margin they make on each item! (Scroll down on each product page and it will list how much every stage of the production process costs in relation to how much they sell the item for! It’s really cool!)  So–now that you have my stamp of approval that all these basics I’m about to show you are 100% Jess approved…shall we jump in?  Let’s start with the essential items in this capsule. (You’ll notice many of them are *not* strictly fall items, but evergreen items you’ll wear year-round! Hopefully this gives you some great ideas of how to style any items you currently have, and gives you some good reccos if you’ve been wanting to upgrade! )   This blouse was SUCH a hit in my capsule wardrobe from last month (I wore it here in white) that I decided to order it in black to see if it lived up to the hype! I’ve been wanting a black blouse for awhile now and you guys will be VERY happy to learn that this one is not remotely see through (I know that’s a big concern of everyone’s!) It’s also washable! I love how soft it is (its almost a velvety texture) and it’s really more of a charcoal than a black! It’s perfect for work, and for a date night, you can unbutton one button (or even wear a lacy bralette or something underneath if you want!)      I love a good cotton tee, and Everlane’s are my personal favorite of them all! Personally, I just love this classic, super soft crewneck tee. What I do is I always either tuck mine in or knot them, and this one is easy to style both ways! I love a white tee because you can dress it up or dress it down and it always looks simple but chic. It’s also not remotely see through! (Tip: If you keep finding that all white shirts are see through, you’re probably wearing the wrong color nude bra–it needs to match your skin tone!) Sizing: Runs TTS, wearing a small.   I’ve had these jeans many seasons now and they are one of my favorites in particular for fall. I love the medium wash on them that looks classic and really nice with everything! I always say that if you’ve been wanting to get out of a skinny jean rut and try something new–but that the whole straight leg/wide leg thing feels too much for you––these will be your jeans! They’re SO cute–and they look absolutely adorable with ankle boots especially! Sizing: Run TTS. I wear size 25, and I’m 5’6 for height reference.   If you love the look of a sleek, classic pump but aren’t a big fan of heels, you will love these. The heels are very low and manageable, and I adore the square detail that shoes the perfect amount of toe cleavage. These are perfect for everything from work to date nights. Sizing: Run TTS   Blazers are always such a popular layer for fall. I love them a little bit oversized because you can wear them to work but also make them look cute and on-trend for dinner or drinks when paired with jeans or a skirt! Everlane’s version is super well-made, flattering, and the perfect balance of trendy and polished. Sizing: Supposed to be oversized, but I’d say if you’re on the cusp, go down a size. (I.E. I’m usually a size 2 in fitted blazers but glad I went with the 0 here!)   Love white skirts for summer? Meet the PERFECT white skirt for fall. Corduroy is one of my favorite fall/winter fabrics because it adds such an interesting textural element to any outfit, and it’s a little bit “seventies chic” (one of my favorite fashion decades!) This one is super easy to dress up or down!  Sizing: I’m wearing a 0, so I’d say this runs true to size. It’s a-line and short, but not TOO short. (It passes the old fingertip trick ) making it suitable for many office environments as well!   You guys know I’m a sucker for a great trench coat, and this is SUCH a classic, adorable twist. It’s water-resistant and the perfect “not too light, not too heavy” fabric, which makes it the perfect transitional must-have. It comes in a cute blue plaid fabric as well as a burnt orange/brown color that is also very pretty and ideal for fall! Sizing: Run TTS, I’m wearing a 0!   I’M OBSESSED WITH THESE BOOTIES. You know my love of the Day bootie? They’re very similar but made of stretchy knit material so they feel, quite literally, like socks on. Yes, one might call them sock booties. They are so sleek, chic, and beautiful. I could walk all day in these (and I’m sure I will!) Oh–the kicker? (See what I did there?) They are higher cut on the ankles so they keep your ankles warm in the winter! Sizing: Run TTS   I love these sneakers! I got them earlier this summer and they are, like so many other Everlane items, the perfect balance of “cool girl” and “classic.” They’re also super supportive and comfortable–I’ve been wearing them nonstop since I got them! Sizing: Run TTS   Cotton crewneck tee, Cheeky Straight Jean, Editor Heel  This is one of my FAVORITE outfit combinations for fall and spring. It’s timeless, it’s classic, it’s polished, and the shoes even make it a little bit sexy. I would wear this anywhere from the office (I would’ve worn this to a client meeting when I worked in advertising!) to a date night and feel great.   Cotton crewneck tee, Cheeky Straight Jean, Oversized Plaid Blazer, Editor Heel  Same outfit–totally different look with the addition of the blazer, yes? I LOVE a great plaid blazer, and this one is no exception. It’s definitely a staple you’ll reach for over and over this coming fall and winter!   Cotton crewneck tee, Oversized Plaid Blazer, Corduroy Skirt, Re-Knit Boot Same tee, same blazer, TOTALLY different feel, right!? I would wear this outfit pretty much anywhere! The best part is that the skirt is short but not TOO short. This is a great example of my Juxtaposition trick–AKA the foolproof method to building an interesting outfit! Also, these booties make EVERYTHING look stylish and sophisticated. They’re the most comfortable booties ever–super stretchy (so they’re easy to get on over your ankle) and the heel is low and chunky, so you can walk forever in them! My favorite part is how they fit snug and high on the ankle for an unbeatably chic look.     Washable Silk Blouse, Editor Heel, Corduroy Skirt, MAC Coat  You’ve seen this top before–in last month’s capsule wardrobe (in white!) Of course, both colors qualify as timeless staples, but I loved the white so much I wanted to test drive the black as well. It has the prettiest feminine tie sleeves–you can tuck it in or tie it at the front. I love the way you can dress it up, dress it down, layer it underneath a sweater, or jacket!   Washable Silk Blouse, Cheeky Straight Jean, Editor Heel This is definitely one of my favorite outfits of the capsule–so simple, but so lovely. A beautiful silk top and nicely fitting jeans is an outfit that is suitable and stylish just about everywhere! It’s polished enough for the office, but sexy enough for a date night!   Waffle Knit Henley (similarnon-henley waffle tee version here), Corduroy Skirt, MAC Coat , TREAD sneakers No other tee screams “COZY WEATHER” quite like the henley does! (Sadly the orange sold out SO fast before I could get this post up, but this color is still available in the waffle long sleeve!) I think it’s hard to get creative with a henley sometimes–but they aren’t JUST for pairing with jeans! How cute does it look paired with the corduroy skirt and sneakers?   Waffle Knit Henley, Cheeky Straight Jean, Oversized Plaid Blazer, Re-Knit Boot Want to be comfy but professional? Try this outfit combo! This would work great with any tee, not just a henley! Tip: These jeans and booties are made for each other–the jeans are the perfect cut (a straighter fit through the calf + cropped) and the booties are snug, so they still give you a pretty ankle line while–ding ding ding, KEEPING YOUR ANKLES WARM!! (Big bonus when it gets super cold out!)     Waffle Knit Henley, Cheeky Straight Jean, TREAD sneakers, Form bag Last but not least, a classic, easy, “exploring around town” look that I, for one, will definitely be wearing A LOT this fall. A great way to be comfortable while still being polished. I get so many questions about these sneakers and if they’re worth the hype, and my answer is always YES! I love them so much. They’re so comfortable and actually also very supportive! (Which is a plus when you’re an old lady like me. )  Huge thanks to one of my absolute favorite brands, Everlane, for sponsoring this post and always being such a valued partner! Thank you for supporting the brands that allow me to keep creating the best possible content for you!  Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Tops, Grey Pumps Shoes, Gowns For Sale, Long Black Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 16, 2018   So, you’ve been looking for a pair of pants that you can wear to work and on the weekends? To a board meeting or on an airplane? With heels or with sneakers? Conservative enough for church but sexy enough for a night out? (It’s like we have ESPN or something…) These magic pants exist. They’re called ponte pants. If you don’t know, now you know. I figured they were the best way to break the extremely long accidental hiatus I took from the Capsule Wardrobe Remix series over the holidays. (SORRY! I swear I blinked in November and it became January!) But I’m excited to say, IT’S BACK! (Make sure you see the full list of items in my Winter Capsule wardrobe in this post!) Anyway, I also heard you loud and clear on your request for more office-appropriate outfits, so, no matter what the dress code is at your 9-5, I can assure you, you’ll be reaching for these pants several times over throughout the work-week, as well as outside of work, too! The pair I’m styling here is made by Halogen, which is one of my favorite brands for basic wardrobe staples–they also come in charcoal grey, which would be great for work as well. Nordstrom has a huge selection of ponte pants, too. If you’re wanting ones that are less tapered (i.e. look more like work slacks) Madewell makes a version that you may like! Read on for four ways to style ’em! Are you sick of my silk Everlane button down yet? ? Hopefully not, because this won’t be the last time you see it! It’s probably my #1 most worn item of my entire wardrobe, and for good reason. It really is one of the most versatile things you can own. It’s a match made in heaven for ponte pants and some chic black pumps. To mix things up, I unbuttoned a few buttons from the bottom of the shirt and tied it up, which is a new alternative to the front tuck, which defines your waist and elongates your legs! (Shirt sizing tip: Runs TTS but is supposed to be a relaxed fit. If you want it tighter you can go a size down! I’m wearing a size 2 here.)      I always find myself constantly rushing, so if you’re the same, this is another reason you’ll love these pants. Anything that minimizes rushing is a win in my book. These pants essentially eliminate the need to go home and change for your movie date after work. Just bring another top and a change of shoes and do the desk-side switcheroo. Told you–these pants go with everything! Here I paired them with my favorite tall boots (they have a low, chunky heel, which is great because I think the heel makes them easier to dress up, but still really comfortable! Run TTS!) and a classic black turtleneck. (Mine is old but this one is very similar and a great price–reviews say to size down! Everlane also makes a really pretty one!) Also, my black Barbour Beadnell!        When I put on this outfit, Cassandra stopped mid-sentence and stared at me for a good 5 seconds before blurting out, “oh my god, that is the cutest outfit I have ever seen.” Some of the best outfits catch you by surprise–but almost all of them have one thing in common–they’re simple, but significant–to steal the words of Don Draper. I think that’s going to be my motto when getting dressed this year. What you didn’t notice at first, is that the foundation of this outfit is actually outfit #1: ponte pants, my silk button down (untied) with my favorite camel crewneck layered over it. (My sweater is old, but similar here, here, and here!) I paired it with my favorite oxfords (which I also love in black!), but this look would also be really cute with loafers. (Neal got me the Gucci loafers for Christmas and they are UNREAL and so comfortable, but I also own the Sam Edelman ones (I have the leopard but they come in tons of colors and are also amazing and super comfy!)      Alright, I broke the technical capsule rules here because I subbed out the striped turtleneck from the original list for this striped tee. #1, because I can’t find a dupe of the white striped turtleneck with black stripes anywhere anymore, and #2–you REALLY, REALLY need to know about this tee. It’s REVERSIBLE! One side is boatneck, the other is v-neck. How amazing is that? (Awesome for travel, too! It’s basically 2 shirts in one!) Plus, it’s insanely soft. I feel like this might be one of the first outfits to come to mind when you hear the phrase, “Jess Keys outfit.” It’s got all my favorite staples: stripes, neck scarf, Barbour jacket, tall boots. I really like the juxtaposition of the feminine details of the shirt and scarf paired with the more masculine Barbour coat–contrasts like this always make for the most foolproof outfits.         SaveSave Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Style  
Taylor Cannon says  January 16, 2018 at 7:16 am Loving those pants! I am all about versatile pieces and these seem perfect for so many occasions! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  January 16, 2018 at 8:13 am Hey, Jess! I’m wondering how you launder your silk shirts/if they get stained easily for you? I have a couple and love them, but I never wear them because I always get sweat stains that show through and STAY there until I wash them (gross) and they’re a pain to wash (I do it by hand in the sink). Any thoughts? 
Jess says  January 16, 2018 at 11:27 am Hi Aoife! I dry clean mine whenever they get dirty but I really don’t have to that much! Although I don’t really ever sweat unless I’m working out so that’s probably why. Sorry that wasn’t helpful! You might try switching your deodorant? 
Randee Brant says  January 16, 2018 at 9:01 am You are the cutest!  Love these capsule posts…so many fantastic outfit ideas using basics from my own closet.  Thank you! 
Erin Caracci says  January 16, 2018 at 10:24 am That first outfit is really my cup of tea! I’m really trying to step up my business casual game in 2018 and this is a great starting place. 
Britney Crawley says  January 16, 2018 at 10:34 am Love this- ponte pants are the best! I love them for work because they’re so comfortable and easy to style. I love your French girl chic look! 
Caitlin Edwards says  January 16, 2018 at 11:17 am Those pants are great! I want to try them! I don’t have any work pants that look good with boots, so this will be something new to try! Thanks for the ideas! http://www.themilestraveled.com 
Diana Pearl says  January 16, 2018 at 11:24 am J.Crew’s pixie pants are my favorite ponte pants. So amazing and so versatile! I have too many pairs..  x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Sydney Radetic says  January 16, 2018 at 12:48 pm I’ve been looking for a pair of versatile black pants, so I think I’m going to have to buy these like right now!! Also, I think you may have linked the wrong Halogen shirt. But I think I found it anyway – is this it? https://shop.nordstrom.com/s/halogen-reversible-v-neck-tee-regular-petite/4707625 
Nicole Green says  January 16, 2018 at 5:03 pm I swear by my ponte pants! You really can wear them all the time for any occasion. […] source […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Frayed Shorts, Brown Flat Shoes, Black And White Dresses, Gowns For Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 14, 2018   Pictured above: Ponte Pants (on sale! The best comfy business casual staple! Also come in grey!), Gucci Loafers (Similar version on sale!)   Happy Saturday everybody! Apologies for the SEVERE delay in getting my Friday post up–typically I only post Monday through Friday but I actually had such a great conversation with you guys over on Instagram that I decided to switch up the direction of what I had originally planned. Here’s why: Everyone and their mom is posting about the Nordstrom sale. I’m so sick of it already and I’m a BLOGGER. I love that colorful striped Topshop sweater and in all honestly, I wanted to buy it SO BAD but if I see it in my instagram feed one more time I might scream. That being said, I KNOW you guys want to see my coverage of the sale because you told me so! I don’t want to not cover it because it’s an AMAAZZINGGGG sale. So, what I decided to do is frankly have a conversation with you guys on Instagram about how I could make my sale coverage MORE helpful–the answer? A resounding “please please please more staples that work for work and the weekend!!” I’m SO glad I asked you–this is something I wouldn’t have thought of! Turns out, based on my polls, you guys are looking for mostly tops, dresses, and layering pieces–so, THAT is what I am giving you today! Remember, the Nordstrom sale is full of FALL pieces, so I won’t be showing any summery staples here. Every single item used in these collages is part of the sale, too! Huzzah! (Side note I kind of rushed through these collages, they are not my best work, but luckily I know you’ll forgive me because the outfits are good, I promise ?) Let’s jump in, yeah!? When is the office NOT an arctic tundra, am I right? This is why layering pieces are key. Here, I picked a blazer to highlight for our looks because it’s extremely versatile, polished, and perfect for in AND out of the office. Most importantly, a lot of you told me you struggle with how to style a blazer, so hopefully this gives you four great ideas! Also, you could easily swap out the blazer for a cardigan here, and the looks would be just as cute! Why I chose THIS particular blazer: I really like this one because it’s tailored, but not TOO tailored. It also doesn’t feel like a suit or tuxedo jacket, it toes the line between classic and on-trend, yet polished. It also comes in four colors–black, white, and blush. (Several of you told me you were in search of a good white blazer, and this is a great one!) It’s a great price at $64!  There are also a lot of trendier blazers right now (like this one, SO cute!) that tend to be more boxy–those are super cute, but they aren’t as flattering on all body types, so just be mindful of that. My blazer styling trick: I am an avid sleeve roller. If my sleeves aren’t rolled on my blazer, I feel like I’m wearing a costume, but with the sleeves rolled, it’s just the right amount of effortless perfect imperfection! Also, if you feel like your blazer doesn’t look quite right, roll the sleeves, and you’ll probably love it! If you want a comfier blazer you can move in: This Caslon knit blazer for $39 and this more relaxed knit longline blazer for $65 are awesome and similar to the J.Crew sweater blazer that was super popular last year–remember that one? They’re knit so you can move around in it a lot easier and have the comfort of something that feels more like a sweater, with a little more polish. (Teachers, these are especially perfect for you!) Shop more favorite on-sale blazers and layering pieces:   Okay, so you’ve got your ideal blazer or layering piece picked out, here’s how to style it!  1901 Cropped Pants: I absolutely LOVE these pants made by 1901–which is one of Nordstrom’s own brands! (I think they’re new, I’ve never noticed them before!) The brand makes timeless pieces with a modern twist, and I think it might be one of my favorite new brands ever! Anyway, these cropped pants are totally on-trend while being completely polished enough for the office (which as you know, isn’t an easy feat!) Striped tee: You rarely think about being able to dress up t-shirts, but it’s so easy to do as long as you have the RIGHT shirt. This one, again, is 1901 brand and is very polished–even if you work in a strict business casual environment, it’s completely appropriate under a blazer! Adding a pop of pattern adds so much interest to the outfit! Leopard mules: Speaking of pattern, my favorite two pattern combinations are stripes and leopard. They are the perfect opposites and are a failsafe combination to make any outfit interesting–I’m especially a huge fan of leopard shoes for the office, because often workwear can get SO boring and they go a long way to spice up anything bland. Classic tote: I don’t own a Kate Spade tote myself, but when I did my “Real Women Approved: The Best Tote Bags for Work and Travel” roundup, you guys RAVED about Kate Spade’s totes! I noticed this one is part of the sale and it’s really pretty and comes in three versatile colors–it’s 13″ so it’s big enough to fit a small laptop, too! See what I did there? I took the same blazer, tee, and shoes and swapped them out for this adorable button-down camel skirt and neckscarf. BOOM! Totally different look, but just as fashionable, and just as polished! (This is such a Jackie-O look–well, except she probably would’ve subbed Gucci Loafers ?).  Okay, so, it appears that this is where a lot of you struggle–styling a blazer OUT of the office. You love ’em, they’re easy to wear for work, but how the heck do you wear them outside of the office without feeling like you’re trying too hard? First, remember the sleeve rolling trick. Then, do go with combinations like these: Denim skirt: I chose a black version here, but you can use any version you like! It would look super cute with a white denim skirt for early fall, or a blue denim skirt, too! The great part about a denim skirt is that it’s a bit more edgy with the raw hem–you always want to play with juxtaposition when you’re putting outfits together, so if you start with something preppy, like a blazer, it works well to pair it with something that is the OPPOSITE of preppy–in this instance, it’s “edgy.” (I mean, just a little bit of edge though. You know how “edgy” I am ?) Striped tee: You know what I say, everything is cuter with stripes ? I also love the v-neck of this tee, as they tend to be more flattering than crew-necks. (Note: this is especially true if you have a larger bust!) The stripes bring a necessary element of personality to the outfit. There’s a long sleeve crewneck version as well, if that’s more your speed. Classic White Sneakers: I haven’t seen these before–these are the “shoreline” with rose gold rivets! How cute–especially if you’re looking for a classic white sneaker that’s a bit more feminine! I love them! Note–the website says these run truer to size than most Converse, so order your regular size vs sizing down! Chunky camel scarf: In all honesty, I just LOVE the color camel. It just makes any outfit look really chic–I think it pairs especially well with stripes! (But then again, doesn’t everything?) This scarf looks just like the Free People version but is $21!! In continuing with our blazer + tee + denim trend, I decided to pair our chic blazer with… Classic Levi’s 501 jeans: You know Levi’s are one of my absolute FAVORITE denim brands. I have their 501 jeans and absolutely adore them–they’re their most classic cut (I wore them here–though mine are a different wash!) Remember how we talked about juxtaposing two different styles? These jeans are the pièce de résistance–they’re a little bit more tomboyish and on-trend and contrast perfectly with the classic, preppy blazer. Feel free to cuff them at the bottom if you wish! Cute neck scarf: Few outfits don’t look cuter with a neck scarf. You know I own about 100–but I love this version that’s part of the sale–it’s super affordable and comes in three beautiful fall colors! French girl graphic tee: While a blazer can be business-like, a graphic tee is fun and playful and brings a fun little twist to the outfit! Cute booties: Of course, the pillar of the fall wardrobe–the bootie! If you missed my raving in my previous post–these are made by a shoe brand I can’t recommend enough–Blondo. All their boots are insanely well made, super comfortable, and best of all–WATERPROOF.  You don’t have to worry about ruining these! Note: these are starting to sell out, but check back often because they do re-stock! Also, these are another really cute alternative that I love (styling them below, too!) Dresses are definitely a pillar of my wardrobe–they’re a one-and done thing you can throw on and look put together. You guys were searching for dresses that can be worn in and out of the office and that’s why I absolutely LOVE this dress. I totally missed it when the sale first started but just added it to my cart today. I hope I love it as much in person! There are a few reasons I think you’ll love it too: First, it’s obviously appropriate for all occasions that require a certain degree of conservativeness–the office, client dinner, church, brunch with grandma, etc. Second, the skirt is sheer, but the slip underneath stops a couple inches above the knee–creating a peek-a-boo effect that would negate what MIGHT otherwise, to some, make the dress feel a bit “Little House on the Prairie” due to the high neck. Third, the combination of the darker floral pattern and flowy fabric makes it perfectly suitable to start wearing now–pair it with your favorite sandals in the summer, and transition to boots in the winter! Okay, here’s what I styled with it for the office and date night:  Trench Coat: If you don’t already own a trench coat, I would highly recommend picking this one up during the sale! It’s that 1901 brand again–seriously, they’re killing it! Why buy THIS trench instead of others? Because it comes with a removable vest lining–very similar to a Barbour coat, if you’re familiar. It’s quilted so you can wear the vest all by itself too. I think this is amazing because trenches aren’t known for their warmth–but this ensures you can wear it longer into the late fall and even pull it out on warmer winter days. (I mean, if you don’t live in Chicago ?) There are lot’s of trenches on sale so you can shop more here! Nude Pumps: You could honestly swap for any office-appropriate shoe here (black works as well!) but nude pumps are timeless, and an essential that every girl should have in her closet. You probably already have a good pair, but if you don’t–these are included in the sale and come in lot’s of great colors! I also lovveee the orangey red color (if your office is OK with that!) Tote bag: So I’m going to be honest here, there aren’t many tote bags that are part of the sale. However, this Tory Burch bag is one of the good ones. I personally have never owned a Tory Burch bag but Kelly raves about them! They’re definitely an investment, but if you’ve been wanting one for awhile, now is a great opportunity to get them at a discount! I love that this one has the chain detail–I think it makes it a lot more chic and different than the average leather tote! By the way if you’re looking for other recommendations, see my “Real Women Approved: Best All-Purpose Bags for Work and Travel” post where I rounded up YOUR favorite bags! Suede moto jacket: Another item I bought on the first day of the sale–this beautiful suede jacket. I absolutely LOVE the rich ruby hue (it also comes in olive) and I think it’s such a nice alternative to brown or black. It pairs perfectly with the dress and kicks it up a notch, giving it a little bit more edge and personality. Fun cross-body bag: This little bucket bag is so much fun! I love the contrast of the cognac faux leather against the navy! You can also detach the shoulder strap and carry it by the top handle. So budget-friendly too! Neutral booties: I love the perforated suede that makes these booties stand out–a classic, with a twist. The slightly pointed toe makes them super flattering and helps to elongate the leg! Shop more versatile dresses for in and out of the office:  For our last look, I went with this cute on-sale J.Crew ruffled popover. I love that it has all the polish of a white collared shirt, with a twist. The subtle ruffles make it a little more girly and fun, and it’s a different take on a regular white button down, but just as versatile. (An alternative option, if you like flowy, longer blouses, would be this white button down!) Wear it now with your favorite jean shorts and in the fall–with this:  Ponte pants: These pants were one of your most popular buys this winter, and I’m so glad they’re back AND on sale! They’re essentially like fancy leggings that are appropriate for the office, can be dressed up for dinner, and comfy enough to travel in–they’re the best. These have seams down the front to look even more polished–they come in charcoal as well as black! They run TTS. Leopard flats: These Cole Haan flats are such good Valentino dupes! As I said above, leopard makes what can feel like mundane office attire look SO much cuter. Cole Haan is known for making really comfortable shoes, too–great if you’re constantly on your feet all day! They also make a nude version with a block heel that is SO cute! Cashmere wrap: There are a lot of amazing cashmere items on sale, especially wraps. This one comes in tons of colors but I love the camel oatmeal! It’s perfect for draping over your chair to keep you warm in the frozen AC tundra. I mean, who doesn’t want to wrap a chic blanket around them all day at their desk!? Tall boots: I just got these boots in the light tan (it’s sadly almost sold out in that color but I bet they do a big re-stock! Keep checking back!!) but I also LOVE them in black as well. They look so cute with a mini skirt or with skinny jeans! If you’re looking for more tall boots I also bought this pair in the beautiful burgundy color! Suede skirt: I bought this skirt from the sale last year in a different color–it’s SO cute. It’s short without being TOO short, which I very much appreciate. It does run small though, so size up! Neutral leather jacket: I love the color of this leather jacket–it’s really different from the usual brown leather and is a great option if you want to mix things up! There are a lot of great leather jackets on sale too! Other versatile tops that are great for in and out of the office:     Filed Under: Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Style, Style 101  
Bridget says  July 15, 2018 at 4:21 am From a daily reader but first time commentor- thanks for changing up the Nordstrom sale coverage with your outfit ideas!  So many typically good blogs just list a bunch of items in a bunch if categories which does not help me narrow down to what I’ll really use. Your coverage of work to weekend and especially the dresses rocks! Thanks again 
Bridget says  July 15, 2018 at 4:31 am Also love your selection of stylish tops– I’m a fan of a great sweater but I have trouble with fit and I can’t just live in cardigans. Nice variety of colors, too. That bright green floral is fun to brighten things up a bit! 
Dakota Snyder says  July 16, 2018 at 9:19 am Love this post!! I’m definitely starting to look towards cute office attire for the fall (wishful dreaming to escape the current New England humidity). This is so so so helpful, thank you! 
maddie says  July 16, 2018 at 2:16 pm I am starting my first full-time job in August so this is soooo helpful!! I post like this each season would be AMAZING. Thank you! 
maddie says  July 16, 2018 at 2:50 pm I have one question… what size are you in the ponte pants? Do you find they fit true to size? 
Yvonne says  July 17, 2018 at 10:57 am Jess! This post was perfect-this is exactly what I needed :). I ordered a few things and can’t wait to see what works. Thank you, thank you! […] I originally published this post a YEAR ago–I can’t believe how time flies! Ever since, I’ve been working my way through the books on this incredible list of recommendations that I compiled from YOU GUYS.  I wanted to provide an update on them, as well as add some additional ones that I’ve read as well! (These are all SO GOOD. I hope you’ve got some time to hole up and read this weekend!) […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Hanky Panky Panties, Saddle Bags, Light Blue Jeans, Black Pumps Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 31, 2014     Dress: Le Tote (c/o), Shoes: Steve Madden (similar), Purse: Francescas (similar), Jacket: Urban Outfitters (similar) Hot pink? Me? No way! I recently noticed that I hardly ever wear the color. A subdued, pastel version of the hue — yes, but never hot pink or magenta. So I was surprised when I immediately fell in love with this hot pink and navy shift from Le Tote (c/o), but the cheery color was a sight for sore eyes after this long winter. It’s the perfect “wear anywhere” spring dress… 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 If you haven’t heard of Le Tote, it’s essentially a Netflix for your wardrobe. A dream for those who have severe closet ADD, obsessed with wearing new clothes as often as possible. (This reference, of course, is in no way derived from personal experience…right.) For $49 a month, you can get 3 articles of clothing plus two pieces of jewelry. You can keep your items as long as you like, and send them back as frequently as your heart desires! Win win situation. I would highly recommend it. In other news, you can see I chopped my hair! I’m now down 6 long inches. My friends joke that I’m getting closer and closer to the “Keys family bob” (identical twin haircuts worn by both my mom and my sister.) Just kidding, that’s actually not ever happening. (I can hear Neal’s sigh of relief.) Hope everyone has a great Monday!        Filed Under: Style  
Lindsay says  April 1, 2014 at 4:54 pm I love that jacket! I’ve been looking for a camo jacket to balance some of the spring color. Camo’s a neutral, right?! 
jess keys says  April 9, 2014 at 12:52 pm Camo is TOTALLY a neutral!  They have a great one at Old Navy right now that is a total steal if you’re still on the hunt! 
Hoda says  April 4, 2014 at 2:36 pm Gahh this is so pretty! What a combination–hot pink and camo? Love your style! xx Also I love how cheerful all of your photos are! c;  <(`) Hoda || http://joojoo-blog.blogspot.com 
jess keys says  April 9, 2014 at 12:52 pm Thanks Hoda!! 
Kaitlyn says  April 7, 2014 at 5:54 pm Love this look! We will definitely be checking out le tote! 
jess keys says  April 9, 2014 at 12:53 pm Thanks lady! You definitely should. I know you share my new clothing addiction so I think you’ll love it! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Wedge Sandals, Wedge Black Shoes, Heeled Sandals, Pink Sneakers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 16, 2016  Photo via Harper’s Bazaar   




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

When we booked our trip to Paris months back, (it’s coming up SO SOON! Less than 3 weeks!) I started having visions of Neal and I strolling through the city with no particular plan in mind, picnicking on the Seine, eating baguettes, and me wearing some incredibly french-inspired outfits of breezy button white downs, stripes, scarves, bare-faced with red lipstick. Needless to say, I’m a little french-style obsessed. Here are 5 outfit hacks I’m wholeheartedly embracing during our 9 day trip to France!   French women are known for appearing “perfectly undone” because, well, they are! They don’t spend hours in the mirror doing their hair–they typically opt for au natural over a done-up ‘do. This has always been my philosophy as well–I love the look of tousled hair, which works out perfectly, because lugging a blow-drier to another country and risking a power outage fiasco does not sound like my idea of a good time. Let it down and let it air dry, or pull it back into a messy chignon–add a few pins, and you’re ready to go! I try to let my hair air dry as often as possible, and picked up a travel sized version of Bumble and Bumble’s “Don’t Blow It” air dry cream last time I got my hair cut (If you’re looking for a hair salon in Chicago–Sine Qua Non is A-MAZING!) and I’ve been loving it lately! I will definitely be stashing it in my carry-on!  In the same vein, you don’t see a lot of French girls with tons of caked on makeup, false eyelashes, and the whole shebang. A bit of foundation and some mascara are the main stays of her makeup bag–and a swipe of lipstick is enough to dress up any outfit! My two go-to red shades are M.A.C. Lady Danger and NARS Cruella! If you want a drugstore buy, I recently bought Milani’s Sweet Nectar shade–it’s an orangey-coral hue that is really great for summer!  I recently read this post on Cup of Jo and was totally inspired. She talks about how french women view their lacy bra’s as part of their outfit–a loose, white button down with a bit of black lace peeking out. I love it! Journelle has the prettiest ever lingerie, so I plan to stock up on a few pretty lacy numbers like these before we leave!  You know me–adding scarves to everything. I don’t know when I really started wearing them, but I’ve always loved the parisian-inspired look a dainty silk scarf (like this one!) creates with literally anything you pair them with! I think scarves are such a simple, but perfectly classic way to add a little punch to your outfit, and I’ve acquired quite the collection. (Oh, bandanas, too!)  French women are known for going the comfy route–jeans, flowing dresses, or donning the best ever ballet flats. I was never a huge fan of ballet flats before, but they’re really growing on me–especially the lace-up kind that are really big right now! I’m also lusting after the scalloped Chloe ballet flats, but actually found that Sam Edelman has a budget-friendly dupe! (Seriously, they look EXACTLY the same!) This classic pink pair is also perfection. I’m really considering springing for a pair of these before we head to Paris!  
What are your french-girl favorites?  Filed Under: Beauty Tips, Shop, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  June 16, 2016 at 12:31 pm I would love to do the cute bra peaking out of clothes thin by work would fire me. Haha 
Sheila Irwin says  June 16, 2016 at 9:17 pm Your links don’t work! Several of the “Sam Edelman” ones go to Journelle and the one link that did go to Sam Edelman didn’t look at all like the Chloe. Am I  missing something? 
Lila Fox says  June 19, 2016 at 8:29 am Your points are spot on! I was recently in Paris on business and a woman I was meeting with, beautiful older woman, was wearing a white button down with a peekaboo lace bra. Barely any makeup, unkept hair. So chic, and total inspo! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop High Heeled Pumps, Fashion Jackets, Tan Blouses, Orange Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 1, 2018   Striped tee: old, but very similar here and here, Jeans: old but my Everlane BF jeans are similar as well as my Levi’s Wedgie Jeans! Lipstick: Beautycounter lip sheer lipstick in “coral” (I also love their color intense lipstick, if you’re looking for something brighter!) Beret: Urban Outfitters but also love Halogen’s berets! In the fall, winter, and spring, I wear a LOT of berets–they are my absolute favorite kind of hat and I think they make any outfit look SO chic, put together, and the best part–add a little bit of Parisian flair! I’m really glad berets have seen a resurgence so you can embrace them as part of your wardrobe and not feel like you’re wearing a costume ? I always get questions from you guys asking how to style them, afraid that you won’t be able to pull them off (not true!!)–so today, I’m sharing four ways to wear your beret–but truthfully, there’s no wrong way to do it, whatever makes YOU feel the most confident! First, you want to start with the right sized beret and one that is made with thick felt (cheap versions with thinner felt will look saggy and floppy–I tried ordering cheaper versions from Amazon and it did not go well ?) You also don’t want one that’s too big because then it will just look odd. Most of my berets are from Urban Outfitters but I also have one from Nordstrom that I love as well–both are the perfect size, shape, and fabric to lay correctly on your head! Rounding up my favorites below: Okay, got your favorite? Great! Here are four ways to style it:  The first is pulled straight onto your head with the beret pulled down over your forehead. This is a very common way to wear a beret and along with #2 below, is what you’ll see styled the majority of the time! If you have a longer forehead, this is likely the style that will look best on you (I prefer style #2 below, though!)  This is my favorite way to wear my beret and I typically wear it like this the majority of the time (unless it’s freezing and I just want more of my face covered, haha!) All you have to do is pull it straight on (like the above) and then pull it slightly to one side so you get that “perfectly undone” little slant look that you admire on so many French girls!    If wearing your beret forward feels a bit much for you, you can totally wear it further back on your head so it’s less “beret” like and more “beanie” like. Instead of pulling it forward over your forehead, simply only pull it on the crown of your head instead.   There’s nothing more “French girl” inspired than wearing your beret with the signature French low messy bun. This is my ultimate go-to when my hair is dirty and just overall cannot be salvaged, haha! Just twist your ponytail and secure it into a messy bun, and top with a beret (worn in style #1 or #2 always works best if your hair is up!) Shop berets:  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jessica says  November 2, 2018 at 1:40 am Woah, what about a conscience!  I ordered a beret from Nordstrom and it came in just today, however I quickly realized that I had no idea how to wear it!   I went for the ‘forward and to the side’ look by default, but now I can’t wait to try the other three (they look even cuter IMO)!  Thank you for this!!   
Jessica says  November 2, 2018 at 1:42 am Conscience…I meant to say ‘coincidence’.   Where is my head today!? 
Greg Walker says  November 3, 2018 at 9:37 am I have long wore and collected berets.  A superb source for international designs and fabrics is South Pacific Berets / The Beret Project. With a Basque heritage in mind the beret is one of the most unique and attractive items of headgear available.  Historic, all-weather, colorful and personable to boot. Very pleasing article whether you are a gal or guy. Viva la beret! 
Global Inter Scope says  November 6, 2018 at 12:47 am I like this article i follow these all tipes, tricks https://globalinterscope.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And Gold Jewelry, Gold Lariat Necklaces, Striped Dresses, Black Bodysuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 11, 2016   Dress: Lush “Leah” Shift Dress from Nordstrom (comes in three different fall/winter floral prints, olive, and black, too! It’s seriously the comfiest dress ever and has the cutest keyhole back!) I also love this one ($48 and comes in 5 colors!), and this one, which are similar // Boots: c/o Sole Society (also available at Nordstrom, so check both sites if your size is sold out on one of them!) // Leather Jacket: Bought in Italy when I studied abroad, but nearly identical here (only $250!), very similar here (also on crazy sale for $250!!), I also love this buttery drapy (drapey?) version here and I really want a classic black leather jacket like this one to round out my collection! // Scarf: Vintage–I love this one, this one (leopard! Eee!), and this one though! (All from Ann Taylor, they have adorable scarves right now!) // Bracelet: c/o Kendra Scott // Midi rings: c/o Kendra Scott    You guys.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I have a story for you. (Don’t worry, it’s not about the election. We won’t get into that here. This blog is a happy place.) Actually it’s not so much a story as an explanation as to why this post is going to be quite short. You see, I am essentially a walking tornado. Whenever Neal travels for work, I manage to turn our entire house into what looks like natural disaster wreckage. I’m working on it, really. (You can actually read my tips from a work-in-progress-recovering mess-maker here, but that’s another story.) I’ve developed sort of a routine in that I accidentally mess the house up until it’s almost unrecognizable, and then run around in a complete panic, cleaning furiously for approximately 2 hours before he gets home, because I don’t want him to divorce me before we even get married. It’s really NOT a sustainable solution, but one can only do so much, you know? Anyway, amidst my latest, “oh god, I need to fix my house and act like an adult now” episode, I had showered and chosen the most wrinkled shirt in my closet to put on my body, for reasons I’m unsure of. Seeing as I am incapable of ironing (Kelly tries to teach me, it doesn’t work) I whipped out my steamer, which is actually the devil and spews out more hot scalding water than it produces steam–to fix my shirt. I ended up steaming/hot-water-scalding the living hell out of my left ring and pinky fingers–luckily this was at the end of my cleaning spree, so all Neal noticed when he walked in the door was the fact that his hot mess fiancé was glued to the sink, running her fingers under cold water. (Shhh. He doesn’t know how bad the house was before. That’s a secret you’ll take to the grave, right?) Anyway, it’s pretty hard to type with a severely blistered pinky finger. So there you go. There’s my round about story. Long story short, this dress is budget-friendly AND adorable (did you see the back!?) and even better? It’s more comfortable than your Thanksgiving sweatpants. There are also a lot of affordable leather jackets out there right now (linked above!) just like the one I’m wearing here. (My leather jacket is my favorite wardrobe item of all time–do you have one yet?) Over and out. I hope you have an amazing weekend. Watch out for rogue clothing steamers is all I’m sayin’.   
  Shop this post:    Photos by Iron & Honey  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Melanie Beatus says  November 11, 2016 at 7:57 am You should get the Conair larger floor steamer from Bed Bath! I’ve had it for years, and it works great. Roughly $60 with the coupon – so worth it!! 
Britney says  November 11, 2016 at 8:28 am Cute dress! Love your leather jacket too! I like to see you style it for all the different seasons. I’m hoping to add one into my wardrobe within the year. Maybe I’ll make finding the perfect leather jacket my new year’s resolution!  
Rachel Spross says  November 11, 2016 at 8:48 am I love your leather jacket! This is the perfect casual fall outfit  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/fall-cocktail-dress/ 
Kristina Anderson says  November 11, 2016 at 8:50 am Oh no poor finger!! You should get a new steamer, mine has never injured me – well, except the couple of times when I’ve thought it was a good idea to steam something while wearing it. Ouch. Kristina does the Internets 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  November 15, 2016 at 9:21 am You look gorgeous, Jess! What lipstick are you wearing?! So fall appropriate. 
Jzmwain says  March 10, 2017 at 12:46 am Hi! So beautiful a lady! The leather jacket is my favor fashion style.It is hard to find the budget and fashion leather for men and women.I found you are good at discovering fashion.I found the Gearbest leather jacket is fashion and its price is good.What is your idea? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Flat Shoes, Grey Sweatpants, Soludos Espadrilles, Short Sleeve Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 31, 2018  Hiii guys! Happy Wednesday! I feel like part of me feels like it’s Monday and part of me feels like it’s Friday? Haha! Neal is actually HOME during the week (not traveling for work) so we went out to dinner and a movie last night–something I don’t think we’ve done in like, 5 years ?We saw A Star is Born and Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper were absolutely incredible, but why did nobody tell me how SAD it was?! Anyway, today I’m teaming up with a cute online boutique called Social Threads and posting a try-on session on Instagram stories, but I thought I would post it here too! (Why not?) I think so often I get caught up in thinking all my photos have to be pretty, professional photos for the blog, but sometimes, all you need is a good ole mirror pic–you feel me? If you’ve been wanting to support more small, women-owned businesses–you will LOVE shopping at Social Threads! It’s owned by two sisters-in-law who decided to leave their corporate ventures as a buyer at Bloomingdales and a Wall Street executive and open their own online boutique! Almost everything they carry is $100 or less. Also, they carry some of my favorite brands. Like LUSH, BB Dakota, BlankNYC and more! And today, you can save 25% on any orders over $200! (Enter code SPOOKY20 at checkout for the discount!). I chose these five items because they’re not just cute, they’re super functional and classic, and can be worn a variety of different ways!    When I first ordered this flowy white blouse, I had no idea that you could wear it two ways! I love that it’s super versatile. You can go with the flowy sleeve or wear it rolled at the elbow (it has cute little button tabs to keep them in place! Also, you can wear it long (which is perfect with leather leggings). Or twist it in the front and tuck it in for a totally different look! Sizing: It runs VERY loose and flowy. I’m wearing an Small! You may also want to wear a nude colored camisole underneath as it’s a bit on the sheer side. (I didn’t wear one and you can’t see my bra, but you can see the top of my jeans under. It doesn’t bother me but just sayin, haha!) This was my first time trying on Blank NYC denim. They’re one of my favorite brands for jackets but I don’t own a pair of their jeans! The price point is awesome ($90!) and I love the button fly and the medium wash of the jeans. They hit me right at the bottom of my ankle and I’m about 5’6 for reference. Sizing: They are super stretchy. So if you like your jeans really tight I may size down. These are my normal size and I like that there is a tiny bit of room in them at the waist. (THANKSGIVING PANTS as Joey would say. Sorry I’ve been watching a lot of Friends re-runs).  GOTTAAA love a good poncho/wrap/cape/thing. This is one of those items that you can pair with pretty much anything and look really cute and warm. Jeans and booties are a given, but you can also wear it to work with a pair of cute trousers or a pencil skirt and pumps for work, or wear it over a cute dress like this one for a night out! Another adorable layer I love: this plaid “coatigan”–yes, that’s a cross between a coat and a cardigan ?it’s also great for dressing up or down and wearing to work as well! Just make sure to wear a slimmer trouser to balance out the coziness of the “coatigan.”  I had never heard of this brand before, but I’m obsessed (it’s called FRNCH–go figure ?) This is one of those tops that is polished, sexy, feminine, and conservative all at the same time–which is definitely NOT easy to do. I love the bow detail at the neck and how it flows out with the ruffle at the bottom. One of the few tops that you’ll want to reach for whether you’re getting dressed for work or for date night! I think it would also look so cute with these black coated skinnies for the look of leather but without being leggings, if leggings aren’t your jam. Sizing: True to size, wearing XS  No exaggeration–a day has not passed where I have not worn this sweatshirt since I pulled it out of the box last week. You know I joke about my “Hagrid” blanket (this insanely soft giant faux fur blanket from Target I wear around the house all winter)–well, this is the sweater version ?I never take it off!! I am seriously OBSESSED. It is so warm, it is so cozy, so soft–it’s everything I’ve ever wanted in a comfortable winter sweatshirt. It’s the softest fleece you’ve ever felt on the outside and the inside is lined with a super soft jersey t-shirt material. I also love that this one is two-toned! It also comes in a vest! Sizing: Very big! Size down. Shop these items and more favorites from Social Threads:    Today’s instagram story try-on is sponsored by Social Threads–but this blog post is not ?You guys know I only promote brands I absolutely love, and I’m happy to support small, women-owned businesses whenever I can! I hope love their items as much as I do! All opinions are 100% my own. Thanks for supporting the brands that I love, and that keep this blog up and running!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Pumps Shoes, Blue Mini Bags, Wide Leg Jeans, Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 19, 2017     Top: c/o Sanctuary–(runs big, size down!) it’s a little bit longer so you can also tie it in the front, which is also cute! I also have the same top in this breezy striped version!  There’s also a dress version with the cutest tie straps here! They also have a cute long-sleeved version, too! Also how adorable is this cropped ruffle chambray top!? (It’s on sale, too!) // Jeans: Levi’s White High-Waisted Jeans // Shoes: Splendid Colleen Sandals (come in white and black, too!) I’ve also been eyeing these splendid lace-up heels! // Bag: Cult Gaia (on back-order, but there’s another shipment coming in soon, and you can pre-order now!) // Sunnies: Ray Ban // Lipstick: Burberry “Bright Plum” Happy Friday! This week has been SO great! Oh my gosh, can you believe how much better life is when the weather is beautiful? As someone who is deeply affected by the weather, Chicago often sends me on an emotional roller coaster, but luckily, it’s been all highs this week with temps in the 80’s! (Taking blog photos when you can feel all 10 of your toes? Glorious. It’s the little things, guys.) What have you been up to over the past couple of days? I’ve been working like crazy on a few different projects, but managed to squeeze in lot’s of time for some fun, too! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I grabbed dinner with my friends/ old roomies Kate and Kai (Kai has the best food instagram with the most hilarious punny captions–you have to follow her!) at Parlor and sat on the patio sipping rosé and eating too many carbs, which was, of course, glorious. Kate also brought her puppy, Rozzi, (AKA my latest dog obsession) who is an Australian Labradoodle. (You know what a crazy dog lady I am.) We also celebrated Blair’s birthday on Wednesday! Blair, Shaheen, Kelly, Emily and I did a little impromptu birthday lunch celebration at Hello Taco’s De Cero in the West Loop (or is it just called De Cero? The name of that place always confuses me!) Kelly brought Emma and we got to meet Emily’s new baby, Josephine, for the first time! She was SO sweet! It’s so crazy that I’m old enough for my friends to have babies. Still trying to wrap my mind around that one. Anyway, if you ever go to De Cero (Hello Tacos?) you can’t go wrong with the steak taco and the chorizo taco! So good! Their trio of salsas is also addicting. (However, we asked for more chips for the salsas and they said it would be $10 for a chip refill. We couldn’t tell if they were kidding, but I don’t think they were. We were all hysterically laughing in confusion.)   I’ve spent a lot of time in the West Loop (aka my old ‘hood) this week! Blair and I got a lot of work done at Soho House. I wore this outfit for our work date on Tuesday, and pretty much everything you see here is a summer staple of mine in one way or another! I love this adorable off the shoulder top because it’s really lightweight and keeps you cool, and can be dressed up or down! Of course, it’s chambray. One of my favorite materials of all time. It just goes with everything! Chambray button-downs, Chambray dresses…I love ’em all! Favorite Chambray Staples:       



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

These sandals are also my favorite flat sandals of all time! You know that awkward period between spring and summer where ALL of your sandals give you blisters because your feet haven’t seen the light of day in half a year? This is the first pair of sandals that didn’t require any breaking in. The leather is really soft and it doesn’t have any sharp edges that rub in weird places. This doesn’t come as a shock, as they’re made by Splendid, who makes the most comfortable clothing ever. Their shoes are no different! I can’t recommend them enough! They also come in white and black.   Here are some of my other favorite Splendid shoe styles:    In the summer, I typically retire most of my jeans and go with either jean shorts (these are my go-to pair, which you can see styled here!) or this pair of white jeans by Levi’s! Distressed jeans are also still an occasional favorite–they’re cooler because they’re lighter-weight and have holes in them, obvi ;-P (Best of both worlds, I love this pair of distressed white jeans! They’re only $59 and this brand always makes the comfiest denim!) Kelly also swears by her Rag & Bone white denim jeans, and she’s slowly chipping away at me in convincing me to invest in a pair! Favorite summer denim:        Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Rachel Spross says  May 19, 2017 at 10:19 am I love that little top! You can’t ever go wrong with chambray. These photos are just beautiful! I really like this background. Have a nice weekend! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Maggie says  May 19, 2017 at 1:09 pm I love wearing white cropped jeans this time of year!! I definitely don’t abide by the white jeans only during summer rule! -Maggie   http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Kristina Anderson says  May 19, 2017 at 2:58 pm Lol – $10 for more chips?! That’s cray.  Loving this combo lady, hope you’re faring okay in the 50 degree temps today. Kristina does the Internets 
Rachel says  May 19, 2017 at 7:31 pm Such a cute look! Love your sandals and your bag! Rachel / http://www.helloher.co 
Madeline Mihaly says  May 19, 2017 at 9:23 pm I’m still stuck on the $10 for more chips part of this post haha. you could buy 3-5 bags at the grocery store for that – what the heck! xo, Maddy
http://cassidylou.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sweaters And Cardigans, Black Heel Booties, One Pieces Swimwear, Black Wedge Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 19, 2017     Top: Lush–runs TTS and comes in so many cute colors & patterns! // Skirt: BlankNYC–runs TTS (also comes in a really pretty orangey-brown!) // Boots: Stuart Weitzman Lowlands (similar Stuart Weitzmans on sale here, and the Highlands are on sale at Zappos!) Also, my favorite budget-friendly dupes are on sale for under $200 right here! // Bag: Sole Society (under $50!) // Lips: MAC “Relentlessly Red” (I also love Beautycounters lip sheers–which I featured in yesterdays post– they’re great for everyday and have no bad stuff in them!) // Hair: curled with a T3 whirl curling wand (my T3 blow dryer that I LOVE is also on sale right now! It makes my hair noticeably more shiny than any other blow dryer!) Ah, late July. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

It’s all about warm evening walks, rosé on the patio, and…suede mini skirts and OTK boots? I know, you’re like–GET OUT OF HERE. IT’S STILL SUMMER. (I was legitimately ANGRY to see a “Pumpkin Spice” Quaker Oatmeal display at the Jewel yesterday) but my biggest tip in being prepared for fall on a budget is to start buying your fall items while it’s still summer! Thus…why I am wearing this adorable fall outfit in the midst of July. You’ll thank me later, I promise! (Also, it was a cool day when we shot this, so it really did feel like fall, haha!) I’m not gunna lie, I did a little happy dance when I pulled on these boots again. Plus, having cute fall items gives you something to look forward to at the end of summer. Anyyyyway. Two things, in particular, that you’ll want to snap up now before they’re gone!  I have two favorite pairs of OTK boots: one budget friendly version (the Blondo Olivia’s), and one expensive version (the Stuart Weitzman Lowlands). That being said…I have good news and bad news  The bad news is that a very similar pair of Stewart Weitzman boots (the Elevated boots) were on major sale. However, they are now almost fully sold out–BUT, keep an eye out on Friday, in case they re-stock them when the Nordstrom sale goes public! And the GOOD news–is that the budget-friendly Blondo pair is under $200 and still fully stocked! I absolutely love these boots–they have elastic in the back, so they form to your calf (if you have issues finding boots that snuggly fit your calf, you will love these!) and, the best part–they’re waterproof. They run true to size, I’m wearing a size 8! Also worth noting, the Stuart Weitzman Highlands are on insane sale and fully stocked on Zappos right now, if you’ve been wanting that pair! (Just like mine that I’m wearing here, but with a heel!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 Another staple I can’t wait to pull back out again in the fall–suede mini skirts! I absolutely love the color of this skirt (which also comes in the prettiest burnt orangey-brown!) Also runs TTS. It’s going quickly though, just FYI, so if you see your size I’d grab it fast! Mini skirts and OTK boots are one of my very favorite combinations for fall. I feels very 60’s/70’s, don’t you think? This ruffle bell sleeved top pairs so well with it, and comes in tons of colors! (Also runs TTS). You don’t have to wait until fall to wear it though– looks so cute with jean shorts (I’ve been wearing this pair from Topshop nonstop lately) and this under $50 bag from Sole Society is an awesome year-round black cross-body! I think the gold ring & tassel detail makes it look so chic and high-end!         In other news, our new dining table arrived yesterday! EEEEEK! We ordered it from West Elm a couple weeks back when it was part of their 4th of July sale–I’ll do a new post on it soon. I feel like a real grown up now–I have a DINING table! Also, our wedding invitations arrived from Minted so I’m furiously stuffing envelopes with wine over the next couple of nights, because those gotta get out like a month ago. (Oyyyy). Then, this weekend it’s my bachelorette party in Milwaukee! I’m so excited and feeling so lucky to have so many amazing friends (with some mischief up their sleeves, I know. Haha!) I’m counting down the hours to the weekend!  Shop this post:     Filed Under: Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Outfits, Style  
Diana Pearl says  July 19, 2017 at 10:31 am I love this skirt! It’s on my list to buy on Friday when the sale goes live to the public. I was going to get the brown color, but this purple-wine is so, so pretty too! x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Joules says  July 19, 2017 at 1:45 pm That is such a cute top. Love it! And the bag! Style by Joules 
Fashioncents says  July 19, 2017 at 2:20 pm Beautiful pre-fall look! You give me so much ideas about Fall outfits. Check out my new app that gives you personalized outfit recommondations at http://www.fashioncents.me 
Stacy says  July 19, 2017 at 5:47 pm Happy Bachelorette Party weekend! Have such a great time in Mil-town! 
Elizabeth Moriarty says  July 21, 2017 at 8:38 pm Do you have the Blondo boots in suede or leather? Trying to decide which ones to get….thanks! 
Michał says  December 3, 2018 at 12:14 pm It’s beautiful that in July you go in long warm boots! You just take care of your legs and feet! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Maxi Dresses, Lace Up Dresses, Black Wedge Shoes, Flat Silver Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 27, 2019  Happy almost Thanksgiving! I hope you get to work from home today where you’re doing that thing where you just tap your mouse every 20 minutes so it LOOKS like your “online” in your work chat OR you’re “working” from the office but really just getting a head start on your holiday shopping!? (Those were always my favorite days in the office! ) I’m so excited to be back with another Everlane post today–did you hear the news I shared on IG stories? We most recently had a three-month partnership, but it has now been extended to January! I am THRILLED! Everlane is one of my all-time favorite brands and one of my absolute favorite partners to collaborate with!  So, here we are with NOVEMBER’S post–huzzah! If you’re new here, there are so many reasons to love Everlane, and I have been a fan of theirs LONG before they ever were a blog sponsor (we’re talking like, 5+ YEARS!) but here are two big reasons why I love the company so much: 1. Transparency: They cut out the traditional retail markup and middlemen so they can sell everything at a great price, with impeccable quality. On every product page, you can scroll down to the very bottom to see how much it costs to make the item at each stage of production and in turn, how much they charge for it. 2. Ethical partners + company mission: They do a LOT more than just make great clothes–they are very focused on sustainability and have a huge goal of eliminating all virgin plastic from their supply chain by 2021! They also have a “Black Friday Fund” instead of a sale each year, where they give back to a different cause each year central to the company’s mission. By the end of this year, they will have raised over $1,000,000 for projects to improve the lives of their factory workers and clean up the environment! Anyway, this month is a little bit of a “looser” capsule than we’ve done in the past (I was quite liberal with the shoe choices in order to show a lot of variety!) but they include your top new item requests––Teddy Sweater, Alpaca Cardigan Sweater, Mockneck bodysuit, and Chelsea boots––mixed in with my other favorite Everlane staples.   Before we get into the post––I do want to point out that Everlane will not be doing discounts for Black Friday, however, this year’s Black Friday Fund helps to benefit Oceana, an organization dedicated to protecting our oceans by putting an end to single-use plastic! $10 from each order will be donated to the cause until they reach their goal of $300,000. Such an amazing cause and a great way to make a difference just by shopping! So, you don’t need to hold out for any of these items you see here to go on sale (they won’t!) however, if you’d like your dollars to help support a great cause, you can certainly wait a couple more days to purchase! Mockneck black bodysuit Your number one most requested item to style with this post! So here we are  Just as you suspected, this bodysuit does not disappoint! It’s much different material than their other bodysuits––it’s made of Lyocell so it has a little bit of a sheen too it (great for dressing it up!) and is stretchy and breathable! The perfect base layer! It has a snap closure as well (IMPERATIVE for a bodysuit!!) Sizing: Wearing a small, runs TTS! Cheeky Straight jeans You know these are amazing when they make my Jess’ Favorite Things list! They are my #1 top-selling jeans because they are so flattering and the perfect mix between skinny and wider cut denim. These are probably the jeans I wear most often in the fall and winter. I love how classic they are and they come in lots of washes! Sizing: Run TTS for me, I’m wearing a 25 (what I always wear). Black Chelsea boots The most classic pair of Chelseas! I think a Chelsea boot is an essential staple in every woman’s wardrobe, especially if you walk a lot! (I especially love a good Chelsea boot for travel because they’re great for walking and they’re so sleek they can be easily dressed up or down!) This pair does not disappoint. I love the height of how they’re cut just above the ankle (I don’t love a Chelsea that is SUPER high cut because they don’t tend to be that comfortable then, but I don’t like when they’re too low cut because they aren’t that flattering!) I love the almond toe of these as well–I have another pair of Chelsea boots but the toes are rounder, and I think these are sleeker and chicer looking! They take a couple of wears to break in, but that’s to be expected! Sizing: Run TTS! Alpaca Cardigan:  Just as I suspected, I love this Alpaca cardigan JUST as much as I loved the oversized crewneck Alpaca sweater! It is SO incredibly cozy and I just love how it looks buttoned up and tucked into a pair of jeans. I got it in both this almond color AND red–which will be perfect for holiday! (I’ll be styling that one in another post soon!) Black Modern stretch cigarette ankle jeans Can you guys tell these are denim?! They are a true black, which can be hard to find. I feel like Audrey Hepburn would wear these? They are so classic and sophisticated! They fit like a skinny jean all the way until the very end where they stay straight, which adds a fun, almost retro twist. Sizing: Run TTS, but size up if in between sizes Ecru Day Booties You guys know I have these in three colors now! They’re just perfect in every single way, and I’ve styled them dozens of ways on the blog. Beyond comfortable, they are my booties of choice for travel and exploring. These also made my Jess’ Favorite Things list! Sizing: TTS Wool/cashmere blanket scarf Part scarf, part blanket––what more could you want!? I adore this scarf and I think it would make an incredible gift! (Comes in other colors too, but I am partial to this beautiful Cider hue!) If you’re traveling anywhere this winter, you definitely will want this with you! It’s also perfect to keep draped over your chair at the office––it keeps you warm and chic at the same time! I love wearing it as a wrap or a scarf! Black Glove Booties The perfect winter bootie, these are so incredibly comfortable and warm! They come up higher and tighter on the ankle to keep your ankles warm. They also come in several colors- I’m eyeing the toffee shade! Sizing: TTS Wide leg crops I now have these in black and white they are so good! I especially love the look of them with booties for fall and winter. They add a fun proportion to any look. Dress them up or down, they work for anything- including the office! Sizing: Run TTS! I’m wearing a 0. Teddy sweater This was your second most requested item when I asked what requests you guys had for my next Everlane post–again, it does not disappoint! This sweater is wool, but it doesn’t feel like wool at all–it feels like your favorite––well, as the name suggests, teddy bear! The texture is soft and nubby, and gives every outfit an interesting textural element! I love the v-neck but it also comes in crewneck! Sizing: TTS. Wearing a small! Camel Modern Loafers The shape of this modern loafer is just. so. good. It looks so sleek and sharp, and I love the fun element the camel color adds to any outfit. These are another versatile Everlane staple that works in and out of the office. Sizing: Go up 1/2 size Double Breasted Blazer I adore the oversized fit of this blazer. It’s great for both the office and wearing out. Because it’s double breasted, you can also button it up and wear it alone for a date, too! Corduroy straight leg crop I featured these in my late fall capsule post, and I just adore them so much! The golden brown color, the fit, the texture is all right out of the ’70s, yet still modern. They are also a great option for winter, because they’re really warm! ReNew Traveler Tote (Packable!) Cute AND insanely practical, this spacious tote can fit all your essentials (for work or even an overnight stay!) but it can fold or roll up into basically nothing, so it’s the perfect packing tote! It’s super easy to clean, and made of entirely recycled materials!    Red Day Heels I’ve been a fan of Everlane’s Day Heels for YEARS, because they truly are the most comfortable heels EVER. I whole-heartedly recommend them to anyone- especially if you’re on your feet quite a bit throughout the day. They have them in tons of colors and in both suede and leather! Sizing: TTS (I think they used to run small, but now my normal size works great) Work pants  These aren’t your average work pants — in the best possible way! Versatile, chic and flattering, you’ll actually want to wear these from desk to dinner! The houndstooth print is extra sophisticated and perfect for winter! Sizing: Run small–I usually wear a 0 in Everlane pants and the 2’s here fit perfectly! Black Editor Heels These are truly a wonderful classic pump — low, polished and incredibly versatile. These are sharp for elevating casual looks, the office or for date night. Sizing: TTS   Blanket Scarf, Mockneck Bodysuit, Cheeky Straight Jeans, Chelsea Boots  I pretty much lived In variations of this outfit formula on my Portugal trip! It’s chic, simple, warm, and best of all, comfortable! I love a bodysuit, classic jeans, and chelsea boots ALL day. I think a lot of times we associate a bodysuit as “edgy” or “sexy” or strictly something to wear out, but that’s totally not the case at all–it can be an awesome daytime look as well! I particularly love the scarf worn both as a wrap OR as a regular scarf. You get two totally different looks with just one accessory.        Double Breasted Blazer, Mockneck Bodysuit, Wide Leg Crops, Glove Booties  Again, you don’t usually think “bodysuit’ and “work” would typically go into the same sentence––but when paired with more structured, masculine pieces like a blazer and wide-legged crops, it TOTALLY works! This look would also work great with either of Everlane’s more traditional “work” pants (both which I give two thumbs up!)––their Italian Go Weave Easy Pants (basically feel like sweatpants) and their “work pants” aka stretchy trousers!     Mockneck Bodysuit, Blanket Scarf, Modern Stretch Cigarette Ankle Jeans, Editor Heels  Same scarf and bodysuit as our first outfit, but totally different look! (See why these two are so great for travel!?) Just swap pants and shoes and you’re dressed up and ready for a date! These are Everlane’s Modern Stretch cigarette ankle jeans and I absolutely love them! They fit just like a skinny jean, but instead of tapering at the ankle, they run straight down from the calf. Still super tailored and classic at the same time! Plus, these are VERY black, so they look much nicer than regular denim (making them easy to dress up for the office too!)   Teddy Sweater, Cheeky Straight Jeans, Day Heels For when you want to look comfy and cozy, but polished at the same time! LOTS of you requested a review for their new Teddy sweater, and it’s truly the most unique material! I was expecting it to be “fleecy” and “sherpa-y” but it isn’t at all–it’s much more textured while still being soft and cozy! I love how the heels elevate a basic outfit and give it a pop of color. I’ve had these heels for more than three years now and I absolutely love them. They’re the most comfortable heels money can buy and you can be on your feet ALL day without them hurting! I once walked from River North to Wicker Park in them (MILES!!)     Teddy Sweater, Work Pants, Modern Loafers Because it isn’t often that you get to associate the word “cozy” with “workwear” but with this sweater, that can all change! It looks just as great with a pair of work pants or trousers as is does with jeans! I think the loafers add the perfect amount of polished while still keeping your look low-key. (And if you get cold in the office, throw on that blanket scarf!!) Teddy Sweater, Corduroy Straight Leg Crops, Day Booties Okay, let’s be honest––this is not just a look you have to tie to “brunch”––I have been wearing a lot of variations of this outfit lately. I LOVE their straight leg crop cords and I think the Teddy sweater is a perfect pair–I love the two textures together, not to mention, they’re both so warm! I also cannot get enough of their ecru Day Boots. As you know, I own the Day Boots in three colors but this is the color that has been on constant rotation––I think they are a fresh departure from a typical brown or black bootie and make everything look fresh!   Alpaca Cardigan, Modern Stretch Cigarette Ankle Jeans, Chelsea Boots  The verdict is out: I love the Alpaca cardigan JUST as much as last month’s obsession––the Alpaca oversized crew! A buttoned-up cardigan is my favorite “trend” when it comes to sweaters lately (even though its a very classic look, I’m hesitant to call it “trendy” haha!) I got this in both this color AND the red color and adore both of them equally. The alpaca is SO cozy and soft, it’s not itchy at all and is VERY warm. Alpaca Cardigan, Cheeky Straight Jeans, Modern Loafers, Cashmere Beret (this color is currently sold out, but it also comes in a pretty sand color!) The perfect outfit to throw on for a leisurely and casual weekend activity––like a movie, or lunch with a friend! Very comfortable, but still very put together. I also love Everlane’s take on a cashmere beret–it’s kind of a cross between a classic, more structured beret, and a beanie––ideal for covering up last night’s unwashed hair!  Alpaca Cardigan, Wide Leg Crops, Day Booties Last but not least–an incredibly versatile look that you could wear anywhere from work to dinner to a day of shopping, a friend’s baby shower–– anything in between! Warm, classy, stylish, versatile––this will be an outfit framework you copy for many occasions to come! Another highly requested item last time I polled you guys over in IG stories was Everlane’s Renew Traveler Tote! It’s a super functional nylon tote that is made of 100% recycled materials! If you’re looking for a cute, stylish tote that you can beat up and stuff a whole bunch of stuff into––this is it! It’s totally packable and folds/rolls into nothing, so it’s perfect to shove into a larger bag when you’re traveling, or just schlepping things from one spot to another and may need an extra bag! It’s awesome!   This post brought to you in partnership with one of my favorite brands, Everlane! All opinions are my own, and thank you SO much for supporting the brand partnerships that mean so much to me and allow me to continue creating the best possible content for you, my #1 gals!  Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Backpacks, Blue Cocktail Dresses, Designer Gowns On Sale, Short Sleeve Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 20, 2016     As you guys know, last week we returned from a wedding in West Palm Beach, Florida! You’ve heard me gushing about it on Instagram and in this blog post–but it was truly what dreams are made of. There wasn’t one element that wasn’t Pinterest worthy!  Knowing the awesome couple, I had an inkling it might be one of the coolest weddings I’d ever been to, so of course, I had to find the perfect dress! Because I don’t ever like wearing the same dress to multiple weddings, I typically do Rent the Runway for weddings and other formal occasions. I stopped into their showroom in River North a few days before the wedding, and instantly fell in love with this little scalloped number!   The wedding was “black tie optional” which is often the hardest type of attire to dress for, because you don’t know if more people are going to go the “black tie” route or the “optional”route–you don’t want to show up in a gown if everyone else is wearing cocktail dresses! That’s why I love this dress–paired with the right shoes and earrings, it was the perfect combination.  I typically never wear anything this revealing, but because of the scallops, light pastel color, and girly silhouette, it was more sweet than scandalous. I also picked up a clutch, earrings, and a bracelet while I was at it–it was really easy to get everything in one place.  We snapped these in the courtyard of the reception venue right before the ceremony. (Neal is such a good sport.) Little did we know the groomsmen were watching through the glass door   This weekend, I’m off to Nantucket to meet Kelly and her family there for a few days! I’ve hardly been anywhere on the East coast, so I have no idea what to expect! I’ve heard Nantucket is one of the cutest places on earth, so I can’t wait for what’s in store. (I feel like maybe I need to buy more preppy clothing for the occasion??)  I’ll be flying there tomorrow, returning on Wednesday, and then it’s off to the lake house for Memorial Day weekend two days later!  Hope you have an amazing weekend, and be sure to follow along on Instagram and Snapchat (jesskeys11) to keep up with our Nantucket adventures!      Shop this look:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Monica {Cake & Lilies} says  May 20, 2016 at 6:27 am This dress is killer on you, Jess! Have fun on Nantucket–can’t wait to follow along!! 
Jess Zimlich says  May 20, 2016 at 8:08 am MEOWWWW. Jess, you look gorgeous!! Neal is such a good sport  Have a great time in Nantucket! 26 and Not Counting 
Lauren Nolan says  May 20, 2016 at 8:21 am Obsessssssed with this dress on you! So gorgeous, Jess!!
xoxo,
Lauren | http://www.lakeshorelady.com/ 
Kristina Anderson says  May 20, 2016 at 8:23 am Ooo girl this dress looks gorg on you!! And I love your heels, gimme gimme. Kristina does the Internets 
Natalie Was Here says  May 20, 2016 at 8:41 am That dress is perfection on you, Jess! GORGEOUS. Hope you have the best time in Nantucket! I’m sure there’s plenty of blogworthy spots  Natalie Was Here 
Rachel M says  May 20, 2016 at 12:43 pm Love this! I just ordered by first RTR dress for a bridal shower this weekend 
Carly | The Clydescope says  May 20, 2016 at 1:50 pm You look amaaaaazing! In love with the dress
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Stacy says  May 21, 2016 at 3:00 pm You look absolutely amazing! Love it and your hair! ugh I cant even with how perfect it is!  
Kelly in the City says  May 24, 2016 at 10:17 am JESS YOU ARE STUNNING! I can’t wait to see you in a wedding dress.  Kelly | Kelly in the City Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Embellished Sandals, Black Pumps Shoes, High Waisted Flare Pants, Blue Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 15, 2016   Shirt: Ralph Lauren Polo (I buy little boys’ sizes–they’re way cheaper and give me the perfect oversized look!) // Jeans: Madewell (also love this version from ShopBop) // Clutch: c/o Loft (sold out) but I love this woven tassel clutch (under $100!) // Espadrilles: Forever 21 (only $15! Also come in red stripes) also love these and these from Saludos.    Happy Friday! Wahoo! We made it!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

As you’re reading this, I’ve likely touched down in Austin for my best friend, Courtney’s bachelorette party. It’s a quick trip, but I couldn’t be more excited–I’ve never been to Texas before. If you have recommendations for what to do/see in Austin, I’d love to hear them!  Now, on to today’s post. Just in time for the weekend (and some beautiful spring weather!) I’m excited to share that I’m partnering up with Block37 along with Windy City Blogger Collective, Lauren, Emily and Ashley to bring you some of our favorite shopping downtown shopping recommendations! Block 37 packaged them together in an incredibly adorable illustrated guide–I squealed a little when I saw it for the first time! (Click through to read the full guide!)  If you’re not familiar with Block37, it’s essentially a downtown hub full of great shops, like Anthropologie, Sephora, Zara, Sunglasses Hut and more! It’s also home to Latinicity–a really cool restaurant concept you’ll definitely want to put on your list. They also have a dine-in AMC movie theatre (yep, it has a bar, too!) It’s one of my favorite downtown spots, and is also conveniently located to some of my other local favorites, too!  So, if you’re headed downtown anytime soon, click through to browse the whole “Little Block Book“ guide– you’ll definitely want to put a few of these places on your list!          Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style  
Tammy says  April 15, 2016 at 7:31 am I was so excited when I saw the title of this post! My hubby & I are planning a 4 day vaca in Chicago the first week of May and I can’t wait to explore the city! In all of my research thus far I hadn’t come across anything about Block37, good to know! We’re staying in the River North area and I would love to hear any recommendations that you may have  
Jess says  April 18, 2016 at 10:19 am Hi Tammy! That’s a great area of the city!  There’s so much to do! The Berkshire Room is around there and is one of my favorite spots for cocktails! Cindy’s at the Chicago Athletic Association is a must if it’s nice out–it’s a rooftop and is great for cocktails, and has one of the best views of the city! If you love museums, the Art Institute is a must. One of my favorite little shops, P.O.S.H. is also in River North–it’s full of amazing french vintage flea market finds. You’re not far from Michigan Ave, so there’s some great shopping there as well. If you love sweets, you definitely need to stop by Magnolia Bakery too for a cupcake, and shop around Block37! 
Tammy says  April 18, 2016 at 3:51 pm Wow! Thank you so much! I remember seeing posts from you, Kelly & Shaheen a few months back about Cindy’s…it looks amazing! The Berkshire Room sounds perfect and P.O.S.H sounds like an irresistible shop…Local spots and hidden gems are exactly what we’re looking for. I find it makes travelling so much more memorable and enjoyable when we can steer clear of touristy chain restaurants  I really appreciate that you took the time to reply and your recommendations have me even more excited about our trip! 
Lindsey Simon says  April 15, 2016 at 12:39 pm Great post! and by the way – love that clutch!
Love, Lindsey
http://nomisniche.blogspot.com/ 
Jess says  April 18, 2016 at 10:19 am Thank you Lindsey!! 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  April 15, 2016 at 3:31 pm so cute! can’t wait to read it!! 
Jess says  April 18, 2016 at 10:19 am Muah! 
Meagan says  April 19, 2016 at 11:00 am So fun! Thanks for sharing! I will be in Chicago in June and can’t wait to check out some of the spots your recommended!
-Meg
http://www.smalltownsisters.blogspot.com 
Tomi Obebe says  April 19, 2016 at 11:50 pm Love! I’ll be visiting my sister and going to the Beyonce concert there in a month. I’ll definitely check these out. […] ADORABLE guide and teamed up with Block 37 to create a list their Favorite Spots in Chicago. Click here, to read more about […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tassel Earrings, Pink Bikinis, Mini Satchels, Knit Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 28, 2018    Blazer: BB Dakota, also similar here (Also if sweater blazers are more your jam, I LOVE this one and it’s a longer length like the blazer I’m wearing here, which is great!) Dress: Similar here, here and I’m obsessed with this dress–it’s the most flattering dress ever and would also look great with this blazer (order a size up if you don’t want it tight),Leopard Sandals: 1901 (size down 1/2 size) if sandals aren’t your jam–Nordstrom has TONS of leopard pumps in stock! Earrings: Similar here, and here  Hi guys! Happy Friday! How are we already back to the weekend!? You know those weekends sometimes where you think you don’t have that many plans and then you look at your calendar and you’re like OH SNAP–when am I going to find time to relax!? ? Luckily there was plenty of relaxing last weekend and we have so many plans that we’re looking forward to! One of my best friends Courtney is in town from Indianapolis with her husband, mom and brand new BABY BOY! I can’t believe she’s now a mom and we can’t wait to meet baby Will! One of my other best friends, Ally (she’s the one who is from Memphis) is also coming into town to see Courtney and the baby because she happens to be at a work conference in Milwaukee–so it’s the best timing and we’ll have a big reunion and I’m really excited. Saturday night we’re also celebrating our friend Andrew’s birthday at Tuco & BlondiIe and somewhere in there we need to find time to clean out our closets before our new Container Store closets are installed next week! EEEEE! So yeah, kind of a stacked weekend. But enough about my plans–today, I’m teaching you a v. important fashion lesson.  Remember when I taught you the never-fail Juxtaposition rule of style? (If you missed it, click here to go back and read the post!) That comes into play here, because we started with a masculine piece, and then built the rest of the outfit with feminine pieces–resulting in the perfect “just right” mix. I’ve received quite a few messages from you guys asking me how to style blazers in general. I picked this one from Nordstrom because I love that it’s a longer “boyfriend” type blazer but I also think these “trendy menswear blazers” are harder to style sometimes than classic blazers, and I wanted you to get a lot out of this little post ? so I thought it would be a good example! I’m 5’6 for height/length reference–so my petite girls, this probably isn’t the best blazer for you as it will be unflatteringly long. Luckily, Nordstrom has an insane selection (which is why they are one of my favorite places to shop!) so there’s definitely something for every body type! (Anddd I especially love their “trend” section for ideas on what to wear with said blazer!) For my petite girls, I’d go with a blazer that is a little bit shorter, like this one! This one also comes in petite!) If the oversized blazer style isn’t your thing–I love this one or this one which is the same feel but a bit more fitted and classic! Nordstrom also has a lot of really cute blazers for my plus sized gals! I think sometimes blazers can feel intimidating because they are such a statement piece that can easily feel frumpy if you pair it with the wrong thing, so here’s my one tip for nailing it every time–Do the opposite.  What do I mean by that? Let’s see: This blazer is long–so pairing it with a short dress (I can’t say enough good things about this one–it’s so flattering!) worked perfectly. (This is why blazers also look adorable with shorts and skirts! I’m definitely pairing mine with my suede miniskirt and some OTK boots too!) This blazer is masculine–so pairing it with something feminine really hits the mark. (Feminine can also mean a pretty lace camisole, a hair bow, or feminine slingback flats!) This blazer is dressy–so pairing it with something more casual creates a really great contrast! (Casual can mean jeans–I’d go with form fitting skinnies or a pair of faux leather leggings! More on why below.) This blazer is a muted–subtle print, so pairing it with a bold printed shoe, like leopard, is an ideal contrast. (Bold could also mean these adorable deep red velvet booties that tie around the ankle–or even a swipe of red lipstick!) This blazer is loose and shapeless–so it should be paired with something form-fitting (the alternative is something that shows leg, as we solved above!) but if not a dress, you want to go with something form-fitting on the bottom. So, when you wear this to work–you’ll want to go with something like a ponte pant, rather than something a bit looser, like a trouser–make sense? See how well that works?! This is a trick that can help you get dressed EVERY DAY. It doesn’t just work for blazers!     Photos by the wonderful Divina Stennfeld  This post brought to you in partnership with my favorite retailer, Nordstrom! Thanks for supporting the partnerships that allow me to keep creating the best content I possibly can for my favorite girls! (AKA YOU!)  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Allie says  September 28, 2018 at 7:25 am You explain style rules so well! Thanks for creating such useful cheat sheets. And that blazer looks fabulous on you! xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Sylvie Krossin says  September 28, 2018 at 12:03 pm I love the blazer and flats! Great combination! https://www.krossin.fr/bijoux/pendentifs-initiales-argent-925/ 
Sen says  October 7, 2018 at 1:16 am Thank you fr fashion tips. Which lipstick did you use in this outfit? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold And Silver Jewelry, Knit Dresses, Sundresses, Fashion Jewelry and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 17, 2014   Part 2 of Washington wine country — How incredible is the scenery at this vineyard? These were taken at two neighboring vineyards in Yakima, Wildridge and Naches Heights. 10 wine tastings and one souvenir bottle of Pinot Grigio later, we were exploring the place like little kids. Being late on a Sunday evening, we had the entire place for ourselves. Is there any other way to possibly end your weekend?   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
    Coat: Zara (sold out, but also love it in blazer form), sweater: J.Crew, Jeans: Loft, Boots: Zara, Sunnies: Cole Haan     Filed Under: Outfits, Travel  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Fashion Jewelry, Wide Leg Jeans, Trendy Tops, White Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 7, 2019  Hii friends!  Today, I’m doing another styling session on Instagram stories with my friends Natalie and Connie! We haven’t done one in what feels like FOREVER, so I’m excited to be teaming up again today! We also have some newcomers who I think you’ll love, Cori from Dress Corilynn and Thuy from HeyThuy! Make sure to watch out for all our styling videos to go live at 12pm CST–where we’re all sharing our take on how to style white jeans!  Speaking of, I asked you guys on stories yesterday what you’d like me to focus on for a white jeans styling session, and got an OVERWHELMING response for “how to wear white jeans to work” and “how to wear white on white”–so I decided to tackle BOTH today–and style a super versatile white button down with white jeans–8 different ways that totally work in and out of the office!  I heard a lot of myths and questions about white jeans from you guys yesterday, so wanted to address a few of these upfront!  No, you should take some time to find the correct white jeans that flatter your body and order your correct size. Jeans that are one size too big are going to look ill fitting, bunchy, and you’ll have to hike them up all the time, therefore, you’ll probably never wear them because you aren’t confident in them.  I think you just haven’t found the right white jeans. Also, what drives me crazy is that we associate “flattering” with “thin”–and we have got to stop thinking that way. Thin does not mean flattering! Women of all sizes can and should feel good rocking a pair of white jeans.  White jeans ARE flattering. The right pair will accentuate your curves and make any outfit look more crisp, polished, and bright! Do you look SKINNIER in white jeans than you do in black jeans? No–of course not, darker colors are always more minimizing if that’s what you’re referring to, but doesn’t mean you don’t look beautiful in them and that you shouldn’t wear them!  “There is no such thing as non see through white jeans”  Yes there are–I’m sharing two pairs with you today. ?They both have great return policies so there is no reason why you shouldn’t try them!  With the right white jeans, it doesn’t matter what color underwear you’re wearing. But if you are still in the market for some invisible underwear, look for a super thin, raw-edge thong that matches your skin tone as closely as possible. These are great and come in multiple shades of nude!  You just need to be more cognizant in general–put your napkin on your lap, don’t sit on dirty benches, etc. Also, wash your jeans immediately if you get something on them. I spot treat with Shout and then soak in Oxyclean–Oxyclean is magic. (FYI I’m trying to switch to cleaner laundry products but have yet to find good clean stain-fighting alternatives!)  Okay! Let’s jump into the outfits, yeah!? For easy reference, you can shop all of the items I used to style these 8 outfits by clicking on the photos below.  Want more details? See my sizing notes, details, etc for each item below.     (Right) Available at Nordstrom and Madewell. (Madewell has extended sizes!) These I found because you guys raved about them so much! I went through SO MANY pairs of see through jeans before these. I can wear these with black underwear even and no see through! They are so soft and have the perfect amount of stretch to hug your curves and they never bag out. Run TTS. Full disclosure I don’t wear skinny jeans that much anymore but according to a poll, the vast majority of you guys are still team skinny jean, so that’s what I chose to style in most of these looks!  (Left) I’ve been wearing these a TON lately. I love them so much, they’re definitely a really cute more “tomboy” type jean that is still really figure flattering (vs boyfriend jeans a lot of times aren’t super flattering depending on the cut/your body type.) I love the raw hem, which means my shorter girls can just cut theirs to the length of their liking. Don’t dry them in the dryer if you want want the hem to fray too much. These are also not remotely see through!  I LOVE this linen button down. I have been living in it lately! It’s made by Lolë (yes, the company that makes my fave jackets!) It’s tunic length so you can wear it tucked out for a more casual look (that covers your behind) or tie it at the front for a whole different style! It’s supposed to be oversized FYI–I have an XS. Also, you could totally sub a white oxford in all of these looks as well! Everlane has a similar linen button down for a more budget-friendly alternative!  I think every girl who works in an office needs this blazer. You’ll wear it all year round–I own it in camel, but if I worked in an office I think I’d own it in every color. Cardigan and blazer, all in one!  Mine is old but I love this one–perfect transitional cardigan! I love this one from Madewell! This one from American Eagle is super cute too and would give you a similar look!  Duh. The go-to pairing for white jeans. Don’t fight it–they’re meant to be together. Mine I’m wearing here is from J.Crew but I love Everlane’s as well!  Mine is from Italy, but Nordstrom probably has the biggest leather jacket selection I’ve seen with the widest price range!  I LOVE this trench. I was on the fence about it originally, but I’ve been wearing it nonstop for the past month–it’s the perfect in-between coat. It’s warm but won’t make you hot, it also has a vent in the back so you don’t sweat under it like you do with a lot of trench coats. It also folds up into nothing, so it’s perfect for travel! A wardrobe staple you’ll have forever. It looks super polished while still being really functional.  Go 1/2 size down in these! They run big! Comfy enough to stand/walk around the office in all day, and they make EVERY outfit look super polished. I can’t recommend these enough. Another item I think every girl should have in her closet!  Go 1/2 size up in these! I love these Everlane loafers because the modern shape adds a more modern twist to every outfit. They look chicer and more put-together than a lot of loafers–which, if they have a more rounded toe, can look  more casual and frumpy with some outfits! These take some breaking in but are comfy once you do.  Unless you’ve been living under a rock or this is your first time here, you know I wear these in almost every blog post. ?Today is no exception. They allow you to rock the white on white look effortlessly, and they are SO COMFY! Also available at Shopbop. Run TTS.  Okay, so, I will say the Tretorn sneakers (above) are more versatile–I think these are much harder to pull off with a dress (has to be the right one), vs the Tretorns go with tons of dresses–but these are definitely cooler more fashion-forward shoes, while still being classic looking and vintage-inspired. I think they make any outfit look cooler and they are also insanely comfortable. I honestly can’t choose between these and the Tretorns, they’re just worn differently! Note: If you’re strictly a skinny jeans girl, I think these would look kind of dorky though paired with skinny jeans (granted, I’ve never tried. I don’t wear skinny jeans that much anymore!) so if you wear a lot of straight/cropped jeans, these will be a perfect addition to your wardrobe.  I adore these slides that I got at Shopbop (free Prime shipping! Huzzah!) They are going to be a go-to slide for summer. Super comfortable and they go with everything–I love the chic textural elements they bring to every outfit while still being a great, versatile neutral. Run TTS, but if you’re in between you may want to size up. However, keep in mind, they will stretch a tiny bit as they mold to your feet.  From EXPRESS! Who knew!?  Make sure to watch my Instagram stories today for how to videos on each of these looks! BUT for the future, feel free to reference this post! ?        I hope you loved these outfits and the styling session! Would love your feedback on what to style next—DM me on Instagram and let me know!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blouses On Sale, Off White Lace Dresses, Flat Silver Shoes, Graphic Sweatshirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 25, 2014   There are few things better than catching up with your girlfriends over a mimosa (or three, yes?). I was lucky enough to knock back quite a few delicious breakfast cocktails with some of my favorite women on several occasions the past few days! Grabbing brunch at Zed451 with my best friends from college for a belated birthday breakfast (their $35 all you can eat brunch is to die for) and swapping stories with some of my blogger friends over a couple DIY mimosa buckets at Bull & Bear (seriously, this might be one of Chicago’s best kept brunch secrets!) After which, we snapped these photos!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 At first, I won’t lie, I kind of felt like a big dope in this hat when I first tried it on at H&M. Like, Curious George The Man with the Yellow Hat style. It really grew on me though, and now I’ve come to kind of adore it.  I think I’ll be wearing it to the beach this weekend! And now, for the outfit: I can’t get enough of this lightweight sweater from JCrew. Perfect for cooler summer days (although the day this was photographed, it was NOT one of them. Woops!). I also scored these shorts on sale earlier this summer from JCrew Factory. I also have to admit, I once hated Birkenstocks when they were a thing back in the early 2000’s (they were definitely not cool in Arizona, just sayin’) but I’m really glad they’re back now. I got this pair at H&M. But word to the wise, I ended up walking a few blocks to Starbucks after this shoot, and my feet were completely torn up. If you’re wanting to get the same look, go for these super comfortable Sam Edelman ones instead. With the hat doing most of the talking, I kept things simple with accessories and makeup– my tiny gold J pendant and new Daniel Wellington watch (my birthday present this year from Neal!) and minimal makeup with just a pop of orangey-red. Pictured here is my all-time favorite lipstick is from Goldplaited. This Lincoln Park beauty bar makes their own [to die for] products. It’s a must check-out for you Chicago gals. Can you believe it’s already Friday? What are you up to this weekend?      Photos by Blair Culwell and Emily Charron Shop Sunday Afternoon   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jess Zimlich says  July 25, 2014 at 1:36 pm That’s how I feel when I try on most hats, but maybe I’m the only one who thinks that? I’ll try again this weekend haha. I’m visiting Chicago in mid-September and I’m hoping to try out one of these places for brunch! Keep the recs coming  
jess keys says  July 28, 2014 at 12:53 pm YES you definitely need to! Chitown is the best in September — you’ll love it! 
Sarah Lagen says  July 25, 2014 at 11:13 pm That hat is so fun!! I’m scared of wearing hats but you make it look so easy and effortless! 
jess keys says  July 28, 2014 at 12:51 pm I know you can pull them off, Sarah!  
Megan Panwar says  July 26, 2014 at 5:05 pm Jess,  I recently stumbled upon your blog and it’s safe to say, I. Am. OBSESSED! I started blogging a couple of months ago and of course my blog is nothing like yours but I’m hoping one day, it will be! Ahh, I just love it and your effortless style! Keep posting- I’m always reading!  Megan Panwar—> http://www.thepanwarpalace.com 
jess keys says  July 28, 2014 at 12:51 pm Thank you so much, Megan! You’re doing so awesome for only starting a couple months ago! I love your beauty tips! Keep it up  And so happy to have you following along! 
Soraya Pena says  July 28, 2014 at 2:27 pm You look so pretty Jess! Love the entire outfit and the soft pastel colors…the hat also looks amazing on you!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Off Shoulder Dresses, Sleeveless Dresses, White Pj Sets, Platform Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 18, 2015   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Happy Monday everybody!  I’m so excited to announce that I’m teaming up with J.Crew to host a First Look event with Kelly at their 900 N Michigan store this coming Wednesday from 6-8pm!  You’ll be the first to get an exclusive up-close look on J.Crew’s new arrivals, plus, there will be snacks, a gift with purchase of $150 or more, and the first 20 attendees will get a $20 J.Crew gift card!  If you haven’t been to a J.Crew lately, now is the time to go! I’m in love with their spring & summer selection, and can’t wait until next week to see more! If you’re in the mood for some shopping, see my favorites in the slider below!   Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Flat Sandals, Tan Slides, Red Bikinis Tops, Black Pumps Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 31, 2014   Photography by the incredible Cassandra Eldridge It’s been a year since my first outfit post (okay, like a year and a week because I’ve been too busy to get my you-know-what together over the past several days). A year? Already? That’s bananas. I consider my first “outfit post” as my blogiversary (which is officially the most embarrassing phrase I’ve used in awhile). Why? Because that’s the first time I actually told the world that GG existed. In all her glory, with her ramshackle aesthetic on an old Blogger platform, completely riddled with iPhone photos. The product of a girl who just discovered a Cannon Rebel but had never heard of “manual” mode. That was me, 1 year ago. And how much GG has changed my life since then.  A year ago, I worked at at advertising agency. I loved my team, liked my job, but I craved more creativity. I dreamed of making something out of my own tiny slice of the internet, but really viewed it as that little wobbly Dominoes breadstick that nobody wants, rather than a real slice of pie. Not that long ago, none of my friends would have described me as the “fashionable” one. My best friends still remember the days where I used to wear giant gold belts over button down shirts (I guess my love of gold has never wavered) in attempts to hide the freshman 15 I gained in college. They even made a sorority skit about my embarrassing belts. That happened, yes. But then I developed a love of style, and then turned it into a blog. I’m not even entirely able to pinpoint why and how that thought ever crossed my mind in the first place.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 But in just 12 months time, this little blog has been more fun than I ever thought possible, and changed my life in more ways than one (more ways than 100, if we’re being honest). Here are some of my favorite moments of the past year:     And how surreal it was to be shooting GG’s “birthday” shoot, with Cassandra, a ridiculously talented professional photographer I would’ve never imagined I’d get to work with, let alone call her my friend. In Debbi Lily’s gorgeous studio space, A Perfect Event, no less — I never wanted to leave (if you’re looking for a party venue by the way, this is SO your place.)  And you. The person who cared enough to scroll all the way to the end of my sappy, rambling post. Thank you, most of all, for the amazing support. This blog is still so small, and such a work in progress, but I feel so lucky that you’ve stuck with me along the way! I hope you’ll hang around to see what else is in store for year two! Love, Jess Filed Under: Blogging, Personal notes, Style  
Caitie Parten says  October 31, 2014 at 1:23 pm Congrats Jess! I have loved following you all the way and am so happy for your success! Keep killing it girl  XoXo – Caitie 
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  October 31, 2014 at 1:43 pm Congrats, Jess! Keep up the great work! All these photos are so fun  xo, Laurahttp://www.brightandbeautifulblog.com 
jess keys says  October 31, 2014 at 6:14 pm Thank you, Laura! Cassandra is so talented — I’m just lucky I get to be in the photos she takes! 
Jess Zimlich says  October 31, 2014 at 1:43 pm You have accomplished so much in the past year – incredible! You look stunning in these photos and I can’t wait to follow along for years to come. Congrats! p/s I’ve always felt weird using the term "blogiversary"..you aren’t the only one  
jess keys says  October 31, 2014 at 6:12 pm Thank you, Jess! YOU my friend, are such a huge inspiration. Thank you so much for your support and kind words  HA and glad I’m not alone in thinking "blogiversary" is an embarrassing term. 
Lena Chu says  October 31, 2014 at 2:01 pm Happy blogiversary Jess! You look absolutely ravishing! I really enjoy reading your blog and it was a pleasure meeting you at the WCB event a few weeks ago  I’ve always wanted to write about fashion and my ideal job is a fashion editor, so your post really inspires me to pursue after my dream! Thanks Jess!  – Lena http://www.felinecreatures.com 
jess keys says  October 31, 2014 at 6:10 pm You’re so sweet! Thank you so much, Lena! That’s so awesome to hear. It was such a pleasure to meet you at the W event, can’t wait to see you again soon! 
Hollie @ Fancykins says  October 31, 2014 at 7:23 pm Congratulations, that’s a heck of a lot going on in one year! Here’s to many more accomplishments (and belts) to come  
jess keys says  October 31, 2014 at 7:36 pm Thanks Hollie! Hahaha hopefully no more giant belts :-/ 
Everygoodthingblog by Melissa says  November 1, 2014 at 2:50 am So awesome, congratulations Jess! This is so exciting! I’ve loved following your blog and can’t wait for year #2. Ps. these pictures of you are gorgeous! Cheers! 
jess keys says  November 6, 2014 at 4:38 am Aww thank you, Melissa!! So glad to have you following along! Year two will be another awesome adventure  
Nora :) says  November 1, 2014 at 4:42 pm So proud of all the amazing things that have come out of this for you, Jess! I knew you had something special when you finally shared your GG blog with me and I’m glad that others are seeing it in you too. Your success is due to your earnest love of fashion and your ability to stay so sweet and humble. Happy Birthday to Golden Girl! Miss you and hope to cheers to you soon! 
jess keys says  November 6, 2014 at 4:37 am This just made my whole week. Thank you so much for everything! Your support means the world! Love you and miss you so much! 
Tweedie says  November 1, 2014 at 7:19 pm Happy Anniversary, GG! Jess, you are a super talented blogger, an amazing person and a great friend! Being one of your sponsors is my fortunate and pleasure. Congrats on all of your achievements in the past year! Can’t wait to see how far your success would go in the next year. Love,Tweedie 
jess keys says  November 6, 2014 at 4:36 am You are the best, Tweedie!! 
Tomissa Porath says  November 3, 2014 at 1:47 am Congratulations, lady!  Your work ethic, and amazing style, is something I admire.  Can’t wait to see what the next year has in store for you. 
jess keys says  November 6, 2014 at 4:35 am Aww thanks love! You are SO sweet, I cannot thank you enough for your support! 
Megan says  November 7, 2014 at 6:35 am Congratulations Jess! Your posts and personality make it fun and entertaining to follow along! Great job on the wonderful success you have had within your first year and looking forward to seeing what amazing opportunities the next year brings for you! 
jess keys says  November 9, 2014 at 3:06 pm Megan! That seriously means so much, thank you! 
Asa says  November 9, 2014 at 5:30 am Happy one year anniversary Jess! I just discovered your blog through Kelly In The City. I love your style and your blog is adorable! I just started a blog last month, and reading this post has been really inspiring. I look forward to continuing to follow your journey. Congrats again! laceandpearlsblog.com 
jess keys says  November 9, 2014 at 3:10 pm Thank you, Asa! Isn’t Kelly the best? Congrats on starting your own blog, lady! I’ll be sure to check it out! […] Happy Birthday GG! The 1 year anniversary of the month I finally got brave enough to do my first outfit post and announce GG to the world!  […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Graphic Sweatshirts, Green Coats, Embroidered, Black Flat Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 24, 2013   Hi friends! Merry Christmas Eve (for those of you who celebrate Christmas!) This morning I’m so excited to share 1.) A fabulous pair of holiday pants and 2.) some exciting news coming to The Golden Girl! My friend Shanna of Celebritized in Chicago and I are pairing up to bring you a fun new series. Whether it’s day to night, business to pleasure, cocktails to couch potato, we’ll show you how to style any item in your closet- for any occasion.  Backing up a few steps here, Shanna and I have a bit of history. Prior to becoming Chicago bloggers, our previous chapter together involved a lot of Pizza Express (extra ranch) and late-night cramming sessions at Indiana University. Luckily for us (and you) we’ve moved on. Now our time together is spent collaborating on bigger and better things, like this very post you’re reading now! For the first edition of our series, we’ve selected a pair of Topshop Plaid Leggings. As we wandered through the store on Michigan Avenue last weekend, we were quickly losing steam pawing through racks and racks of crop tops and fancy sweaters. Then, we both immediately gasped, “THOSE PANTS!” and that was that. So here you go, here are the pants. Served up two ways, just in time for Christmas Eve. Be sure to check out Shanna’s full post here to see the full details on how she styled her look.  Happy holidays!   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
     Sweater: Vince Camuto (similar), Pants: Topshop, Shoes: Jeffrey Campbell, Necklace: JCrew (old) similar, Purse: Vintage    Shop Plaid Perfection:   Filed Under: Style  
Nina Papaioannou says  December 27, 2013 at 8:34 pm Lovely idea Jess! I am a shoe lover so those amazing red shoes of yours caught my attention! Thank you for stopping by.xNinahttp://trendsurvivor.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Bodysuits, Grey Sweatpants, Orange Dresses, Fashion Jackets and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 19, 2019   I will admit, it took me a hot minute to get on the bodysuit train. You know me–I’m not exactly the first to jump on any *trend* bandwagon, but a select few trends will wear at me long enough for me to decide to hop on board. Bodysuits, my friends, are one of those trends. At first I just thought they were for those really tan 22-year-old Coachella-attending beauties–but it isn’t so! I’ll prove it to you.  If you’re on the fence, OR, you are 100% on team bodysuit, but need some inspiration on ways to wear one–you’re in luck, because today, I’m talking ALL about ’em–sharing my favorites, and four outfits to copy next time you pull yours out of your closet!  First up–let’s identify the right bodysuit for you! Here I’m wearing this cap-sleeve, square neck, Free People bodysuit, which I absolutely LOVE. Shout out to Lauren, who got me hooked on it–I definitely want to order it in more colors! It’s very flattering, and feels almost *throwback to another era* to me. (Maybe that’s why I like it? ) It’s sexy without trying too hard–which I think is the only way to go no matter what your age.  Fit: I would recommend sizing up–I got an XS (which is what I always am) and if it were any smaller, it would be too small–the shirt is very low and I think it’s just because the larger size would’ve been a bit roomier in the torso. The reviews so to size up one size though, so that’s definitely the way to go. I wear it with stick-on petals in lieu of a bra.  Features: I LOVE that this is a thong, which means you don’t have the awkward underwear lines that you get with most bodysuits. It also snaps at the crotch to avoid any awkward bathroom situations. Tip: If you’re really short, you could easily take this to a tailor and get another line of snaps sewn in at the crotch to make it shorter in the torso.  This version from Reformation is also a dupe of the Free People one!  A tank top bodysuit is great because, well, it looks just like a tank top, so you can wear it a million different ways! You can go with a classic v-neck tank or tiny spaghetti straps, like this Topshop version for $25!  A bodysuit version of my favorite all-season wardrobe staple: the slinky camisole! Express has a super cute one in tons of colors for under $50! I also love this cowl-neck cami version from Nordstrom!  I love a good long-sleeve bodysuit (my first one was from Madewell this past winter that I wore a ton! It’s sold out but I’m sure it’ll come back this winter! This one is similar though!) I love this classic crew-neck black long sleeve bodysuit, though! If you want 3/4 sleeves that aren’t super tight, I love this Leith version!  I’ve been loving the off the shoulder bodysuits (Nordstrom has A TON), which would be perfect when you want something a little more sexy (but not too over the top)–perfect for a date night to show just the right amount of shoulder! Reformation makes some really cute ones, like this one! Very Olivia Newton John!  Get the same look with a top–just make sure it’s form-fitting and tuck it in–it looks identical! I love this one from Reformation.  Shop my bodysuit + more favorite bodysuits:    Okay, now that you’ve narrowed down your favorite bodysuit, let’s go into four ways to style it!    I think pairing black and white together is always a great move–I’d wear this out for any casual summer occasion!  Jeans: I definitely wanted to include an outfit with these Madewell 9″ rise skinny jeans (available at Shopbop and Madewell–definitely check both–Madewell has petite, tall, and taller, but Shopbop has more “regular” sizes in stock). They are my #1 favorite GG reader jeans. (You guys all weighed in on this post!) Why? Because they are super comfortable and soft, they aren’t see through, and they come in lot’s of different sizes!  I thought there was no better test to prove they aren’t see through than with a black bodysuit. So, here you go! Proof!  Free people bodysuit: The best bodysuit–available at Nordstrom, Shopbop, and Revolve. Also available in long sleeve! Reformation has a very similar dupe. See section above for full details and links to other bodysuits I love!  Sam Edelman Bay sandals: You know I’ve been in love with the Steve Madden Greece sandals forever–well, my white ones are on their last legs (I’ve worn them into the ground) and I’ve always wondered if the equally popular Sam Edelman Bay sandals would be comparable to my favorite Steve Madden ones, so I ordered these recently–and they totally do! I think they’re so cute and also very comfortable! I also have them in the woven yellow version!  Madewell earrings: I’ve been wearing these earrings nonstop. They’re the perfect “subtle statement” earring because they aren’t *too much* to wear during the day, and they’re great for dressing up any outfit day or night!  Topshop straw bag: You first saw it styled here!  Leather jacket: Mine is old (it’s from Massimo leather in Florence, Italy!) but I love this one and it would look so cute with this outfit!    You know these are my favorite jean shorts from my jean shorts comparison post I did right here! I think jean shorts are a match made in heaven for a bodysuit! This would be such a cute outfit for a summer concert! (See related post: What to Wear to a Concert this summer!)  Jean shorts: These from A.Golde are 100% worth the investment. The only pair I’ve found that are insanely flattering without being tight on your thighs! I feel comfortable wearing these as a thirty year old. I ordered my normal size, but go down a size if you want them tighter!  Madewell simple pouch belt bag: ON SALE! This has to be the best purse ever invented for travel and summer activities (like street fests, concerts, etc!) Hands free, with no hassle of your purse slipping off your shoulder–plus, it’s impossible to steal or get pick pocketed! I wore it with a cute little red dress in this post. Free people bodysuit: The best bodysuit–available at Nordstrom, Shopbop, and Revolve. Also available in long sleeve! Reformation has a very similar dupe. See section above for full details and links to other bodysuits I love!  Barely there sandals: I recently discovered this new shoe brand on Shopbop, KANAAS, and I love this pair! They’re great for anytime you plan on walking a lot because they have an ankle strap, and I love their minimalistic look overall!    Skinny jeans: Another classic go-to–a bodysuit with skinny jeans! Here I’m wearing the Everlane Modern Stretch Mid-Rise Skinny jeans, and I think they are so flattering and classic! The ones I’m wearing here are ankle length but they come in regular as well as tall.  Free people bodysuit: The best bodysuit–available at Nordstrom, Shopbop, and Revolve. Also available in long sleeve! Reformation has a very similar dupe. See section above for full details and links to other bodysuits I love!  Madewell earrings: I’ve been wearing these earrings nonstop. They’re the perfect “subtle statement” earring because they aren’t *too much* to wear during the day, and they’re great for dressing up any outfit day or night!  Sam Edelman Yaro Heels: One of my go-to pairs of heels–they are so comfortable, all my friends own these in various colors. I love them in cork because they add more textural interest to any outfit while still remaining neutral, so they go with everything from jeans to cocktail dresses!  Topshop straw bag: You first saw it styled here!    Free people bodysuit: The best bodysuit–available at Nordstrom, Shopbop, and Revolve. Also available in long sleeve! Reformation has a very similar dupe. See section above for full details and links to other bodysuits I love!  White jean skirt: I love a white denim mini! Mine is old, but I love this Madewell version! If raw hem denim isn’t your thing, check out Everlane’s Patch Pocket skirt–it’s more polished, but still really cute with sneakers!  Tretorn sneakers: My go-to, insanely comfy (no break-in) sneaks that I wear with everything.  Madewell simple pouch belt bag: ON SALE! This has to be the best purse ever invented for travel and summer activities (like street fests, concerts, etc!) Hands free, with no hassle of your purse slipping off your shoulder–plus, it’s impossible to steal or get pick pocketed! I wore it with a cute little red dress in this post. Hair scarf: My go-to, especially when I’m traveling or walking around on a hot day! (It makes the most basic outfit cute and keeps your hair out of your face!) Doing a “how to tie a hair scarf” tutorial soon, I promise! Fun fact: Mango has the best scarves!  Photos by Hannah Schweiss Photography  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White One Piece Swimsuit, Printed Blouses, Trendy Tops, Black Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 21, 2017   Dress: Topshop–on sale now and only $33! (FYI–sizing tip–I ordered a 4 because it says it fits like a 0-2, but I really should’ve gone a size down!) I also love this similar one with sleeves, this one, and this one! Belt: Topshop (it makes the coolest statement and is such a steal!) Sandals: Everlane Bridge Sandals (under $100 and come in tons of colors!) I’ve also worn this dress with my white sneakers, which looks adorable, too! Sunnies: Purchased at a local boutique, but similar here! Initial necklace: Similar here and here Happy Monday! Hope you had a great weekend. We definitely did–it was busy but really fun! My friend Carly who I met through blogging (ok, we had never actually met in person before!) came to Chicago for the weekend and we finally got to meet in real life! Blogging is so funny–you make so many friends through the internet you have actually never “met”–it but felt like we had known each other for years! We hung out with her and her fiancé Stefan and took them to some of our favorite local spots. Also exciting–I had my first dress fitting with the finished dress!! Shaheen came with me yesterday morning to try it on for the first time. If you missed it, I’m getting my wedding dress custom made by LOVA Weddings–I can’t wait for you guys to see it. It’s so, so pretty. It’s been a pretty weird experience though because I’m used to telling Neal EVERY detail about, um, everything–but I’m so scared I’m going to accidentally spill the beans about a detail on my dress and give something away that I’ve barely opened my mouth about it! Then, this weekend, we have our small church ceremony up at the lake. (Technically this is when we will be “legally married” but what we are considering our actual wedding is in two more weeks in Portland!) My mom gets in on Thursday and we’ll have another dress fitting then so more alterations will have been made and she’ll be able to see everything in person! Then we’ll all go up to the lake on Friday morning, with the ceremony on Saturday. Kelly and Mitch will also be there and documenting everything so I will make sure to share photos of the weekend next week  As you can probably tell, things are getting crazier and crazier over here. I feel like wedding details have now become my full time job for the time being, so please bear with me if you see less posts going up between now and mid September! In the midst of the madness, I’ve been zipping around on my bike quite a bit–which is my favorite thing to do. I find that getting outside always helps me de-stress (not to mention I can get a lot more accomplished when it comes to running errands since biking is so much faster than walking :-P) FYI–my bike is the “Superbe” bike from Raleigh Bicycles–I did a full review on my new bike here, if you’re in the market! This little dress is seriously the cutest, sweetest print, and the dress is so comfortable. I love that I can dress it up with wedges or even wear it with sneakers to dress it down–it’s definitely become one of my summer style staples! It just went on sale, too! Shop more similar dresses:    I love the dress paired with this Topshop belt, which adds a little bit of edge to mix things up. (I’ve been wearing it so much lately! It looks so great with jeans!) Speaking of summer style staples,  my Everlane sandals have gotten so much use over the past few months, too. I love how they look and they are so easy to just slip on and go! I know we keep talking about fall, but I’m still so glad theres plenty of summer left to wear outfits like this one!     Filed Under: Outfits, Style Tagged With: summer style 
SarahLagen says  August 21, 2017 at 9:40 am That’s so exciting Jess!! I can’t wait to see your custom dress, I’m sure it is beautiful and you’ll look amazing! We are in the midst of wedding planning and it’s wild how quick things go!! Have fun! xo, Sarah Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Lace Dresses, Off White Lace Dresses, High Waist Flare Pants, Knit Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 18, 2019  Above: Daphne Topcoat, Tissue Turtleneck, and Jeans–all on sale at J.Crew! Big news! J.Crew launched their Cyber Monday sale EARLY for one day only! Some of my absolute favorite outfit staples come from J.Crew, and now is your chance to get them at their deepest discount before the Black Friday madness! Items are up to 73% off! (Priced as marked!) For reference, I’m re-posting my little J.Crew roundup of my favorite fall/winter staples and essentials that are on sale for easy reference. J.Crew makes some of my favorite coats and layering essentials of all time (many of which I’ve owned for years!) So–if you’ve been wanting to purchase some fall/winter staples to round out your seasonal wardrobe at a discount (or even been waiting for some to come back in stock), now is your chance! Ready, set, let’s go! With the holidays getting closer, *sale season* is in full swing. You will inevitably start to see more sale alerts on here because style is a huge vertical of this blog and most of my readers look to me to help guide their purchases. BUT. (Huge but) this does NOT mean that you need to buy ANYTHING new to be stylish, it does not mean that you should ever be purchasing clothes when you have a credit card balance or student loans to pay off. (Please please please always, always pay off your credit cards EVERY MONTH). Alternatives: There are a lot of great gently used J.Crew items on Poshmark or eBay too. (Which isn’t just budget-friendly, it’s eco-conscious too! Buying second-hand is always a fantastic option and in my early twenties when I was on a ramen noodle budget, many of my name-brand clothes were second-hand!) This is important for me to reiterate because I want to make sure that you always come away from my posts feeling like you got some great recommendations and ideas, and NOT feel pressured that your lifestyle needs to look a certain way, or to feel inadequate that something is not within your preferred budget-range even when it’s 40% off. The social media comparison game is always real (seriously–even for me!) so just remember that whatever your life and wardrobe look like right now, it’s great just the way it is. The outfits I post and products I review are meant to be fun, helpful and inspirational suggestions IF you want them, so take what you want, and leave what you don’t. **Steps off soap box** Okay, let’s jump in!   The PERFECT holiday party look. It’s a one-and-done piece that is so effortless and so chic. Plus, because it’s velvet and the pants are longer, it’s WARM, too! Just throw on your favorite pumps and you’re good to go. This is perfect for everything from your work holiday party,  your family party, to a winter wedding, too!  I LOVE a good emerald green, but weirdly, I don’t own that much of it! (But I’m on a kick, because I just bought three things at J.Crew in emerald! ) This turtleneck is SO incredibly soft and it comes in several beautiful colors! (Including my fave, camel!) It is SUCH a steal!! Runs TTS. I just picked these up at J.Crew this past week, and they do not disappoint! I actually had planned to purchase this other leopard pair, but the shaft hit too high on my ankle and rubbed even just walking around in the store! Also, I think because they’re higher cut on the ankle, they’re actually harder to wear with cropped pants because then there isn’t space in between the pant and the bootie! BUT, thankfully I did find this pair–it has a pointier toe and a kitten heel, which make them really comfortable and more sleek due to the cut of the toe! They run TTS–I walked a lot in them the first day I wore them and no blisters, rubbing, or pain! They’re great! Wearing XS, run TTS. (OK these go into the “J.Crew longtime classics” category below but since I’m wearing them here I’ll go into detail in this section too! I love these jeans because they’re super stretchy and soft. Also, the shape is the perfect in-between shape (much like my other favorites–the Everlane Cheeky straight jeans!). They’re straight leg crop, but the leg is still very slim. So if a true straight leg or wide leg feels too trendy for you but you want to break out of the skinny jean rut, I think this is a great jean to try! I love the raw hem and the length is perfect for styling with ankle booties. I’d say these are a higher mid-rise jean–so again, not too hight cut, but not too low either! Sizing: TTS–Wearing a size 25! Order your regular size–while they’re super stretchy (almost like a jegging), they don’t stretch out!  I love this classic fair isle! I feel like it’s a little bit chicer than your average fair isle, which can veer into “tacky Christmas sweater” territory! Perfect with jeans and booties and fun to dress up or down! Wearing a small, which is the size I’d usually wear for a cropped sweater like this! XS would’ve probably been too small though.  The one I’m wearing here is from last year, but this year’s is also very similar! I get so much wear out of this in the winter, it’s easy to dress up or down, wear to work or wear on a date. (It also has 5 star reviews on the website!) Reviews say this year’s runs a bit small? I love a good midi skirt, and this one is the most beautiful shade of emerald green! (Comes in other pretty jewel tones as well!) This skirt is super versatile–great for a date night or party but also ideal for the office because of the length! Here I spiced it up with some slightly more edgy sock booties! I’d say this runs big, wearing a 0 and could’ve gone with 00.  Probably the warmest non-puffer coat money can buy you–not to mention, it’s just an adorable coat! These go VERY fast every year–seriously, I know so many people wait to buy coats during Black Friday, but this coat (especially in this color) goes so fast that I wouldn’t risk waiting if this is something you’ve been saving up for. (Plus, with the doubled-up-discounts, it’s likely cheaper right now than it will be Black Friday!) Sizing: I Personally think this coat runs big! I have a 0 and it’s great for wearing bulky layers under, but I probably could have gone down another size even. I think it really just depends on how many layers you plan to wear underneath it. Click here to shop ALL J.Crew’s coats!   Everything I said about the above coat also applies to the Lady Day coat! It’s VERY warm for how thin it is–it’s definitely a more refined coat than the Cocoon coat. I love both coats and since obviously, they’re such different styles, I wear them for different things! This coat is more polished. So I like to wear it whenever I want to look extra nice–whether that’s to dinner, a party, a meeting, etc! Sizing: I wear a size 2 in this coat and it fits perfectly. I don’t usually wear a lot of layers under this coat (though I treat it as more of an evening coat) so if you need it to accommodate a ton of chunky layers you may want to go up a size. Click here to shop ALL J.Crew’s coats!   Last but not least in the coat department, the Daphne Topcoat–which is a BEAUTIFUL jacket and a perfect weight for fall/spring. It’s definitely not as warm/heavy as the other two coats (which I’d classify as winter coats) I highlighted above, but it’s a great mid-weight coat! (It was the main coat I wore in Portugal–where the first photo in this post was taken–and it was perfect for the 40-50ish degree weather!) The color I have is a mustard-camel color (it looks more camel in the online photos than it does in real life–I’d say the second photo is most color-accurate!) I love the two double-breasted button closure and the textured wool–it’s just a very smart looking coat! They just came out with some gorgeous new colors as well! Sizing: Runs TTS. I ordered a 4 because it’s not as heavy as my other coats so I wanted it to be able to accommodate more layers. But I probably would’ve been good with a 2 as well. Click here to shop ALL J.Crew’s coats!   If I had to choose ONE staple that rules my wardrobe for fall/winter, it would be the J.Crew tissue turtleneck. They are the best layering essentials–truly–and look cute on their own or layered under your favorite chunky sweater. I own them in so many colors and I wear one probably 3-4x per week in the colder months. (P.S. These are also the jeans I’m wearing in the above photo from my Portugal trip!)  Sizing: It depends on how you want them to fit. If you want them tight, order your regular size (I have them in both XS and S). If you want them still form-fitting but a bit looser, order a size up. I love these jeans because they’re super stretchy and soft. Also, the shape is the perfect in-between shape (much like my other favorites–the Everlane Cheeky straight jeans!). They’re straight leg crop, but the leg is still very slim. So if a true straight leg or wide leg feels too trendy for you but you want to break out of the skinny jean rut, I think this is a great jean to try! I love the raw hem and the length is perfect for styling with ankle booties. I’d say these are a higher mid-rise jean–so again, not too hight cut, but not too low either! Sizing: TTS–Wearing a size 25! Order your regular size–while they’re super stretchy (almost like a jegging), they don’t stretch out!  One of my top selling items during fall/winter last year for good reason–it is an AMAZING wardrobe staple. It’s perfect for work or weekend–it’s part cardigan, part blazer. I love it in the camel color (can you tell camel is my favorite fall/winter color?) but it comes in lot’s of other colors as well! Sizing: I’d say it might be SLIGHTLY oversized. If you’re between sizes you may want to go down but buy what you’d usually wear in a cardigan, not a blazer. (I went with an XS.)  This was one of my favorite sweaters last year so I’m SO GLAD they brought it back so you guys can take advantage! The roll neck is such a classic, casual style and I really love the one I have in mustard. They come in tons of other colors too! Sizing: TTS! I’m wearing a small.  It’s back! It’s back! THE classic tartan J.Crew scarf that really just signifies the holidays for me. I’ve owned this scarf for several years and it’s always a favorite! It looks so festive and pretty with everything! Makes the best gift too!  The one I’m wearing here is last year’s version, but they just released this year’s version! The pattern is a bit different this year but just as cute! You can see how I styled mine here, and here! It’s also included in the sale! (FYI–the sweater I’m wearing here is old from Everlane but J.Crew makes a similar cream mock neck sweater that is on sale! Booties above are old.)    Filed Under: Shop, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, Black Chokers, Wedge Pumps Shoes, Black Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 7, 2017     Dress: ASOS (only $43! Also comes in Petite)–they also have a similar black version with the cutest colorful accents and a small black gingham check version that is also super adorable!  I am also obsessed with blue and yellow striped version for $80 and this blue ruffled one, too! // Sandals: Super old, but I reaaallyyy want this pair for summer! // Hat: Also old, but similar here and I also love this one! // Lipstick: MAC Lady Danger //  Necklace: Dana Rebecca // Gold cuff bracelet: Kendra Scott  
 We had such a beautiful Monday in Chicago, I almost felt like I was back in Mexico and could’ve worn this dress walking to Lovely Bake Shop! It was A-MAZING! The thing about Chicago is that the weather can be sneaky. It can be freezing for so long that you just stop checking the weather altogether and then BAM. The one time you DON’T check the weather? It decides to be 55 degrees outside. It’s okay though, I’m not complaining–luckily I decided to open my weather app around 2pm and got dressed as quickly as I could (with bare ankles and my white sneakers and, wait for it–my BARBOUR coat–not a puffer in sight!) Over the weekend, we went out to dinner in Evanston with new friends, and Saturday we went to Piece Pizza for dinner. (I think it’s the best thin crust pizza in the city!) Sunday we had a few friends over for the Superbowl, which was so fun! One of our favorite parts of our new place is that there is actually room to entertain! I made buffalo chicken in the crockpot and set up a buffalo chicken taco bar–it was so easy–if you’re ever looking for a no-fuss way to feed a casual crowd, I can’t say enough good things. All you do is combine chicken breasts in the crock pot with 1 bottle of hot sauce. I also sprinkled in some garlic powder and seasoning salt. Cook it on low for 5-7 hours, shred it, and put it back in the crock pot, mix it well with the sauce, and serve with flour tortillas and your favorite toppings. (I also made pickled onions and cabbage slaw to go on top!) On another note (and speaking of great weather) I’m excited to share these photos that we snapped on our last day staying at Secrets Playa Mujeres resort in Cancun! We were on our way to breakfast at the restaurant overlooking the beach and were trying to soak up every last moment! Every time Neal and I talk about Mexico, we start itching to go back. (If you’re also looking to plan a warm weather getaway, I wrote a whole review on our experience here. It was sooo wonderful!!) I know I keep saying this, but I’m honestly so shocked with how much fun we had at an all-inclusive resort. I always thought I would get bored, but if I could pick anywhere to go on vacation right this minute, I would choose to go right back! This little gingham dress is such a great buy for any warm weather vacation you might be going on! It’s lightweight, easy to dress up and down, and it’s made of a gauzy-linen-y-type of material (a very official term–clearly you can tell I majored in journalism and NOT fashion–haha!) that is supposed to be a little bit wrinkled, you know? So you don’t have to worry about looking like a disheveled mess when you put it on after being tucked in  your beach bag! (By the way, I shared all my beach bag essentials right here! I stumbled upon it while browsing ASOS before our trip and g-chatted it to Kelly–she INSISTED that I purchase it immediately. (Obviously, it’s gingham AND navy–her two favorite things) but I’m glad she talked me into it–it’s absolutely adorable and is a great wardrobe staple for vacation and for everyday come spring and summer. (Thanks Kellllyyyyy you were righttt.) Also related, last night my friend Annie asked for more winter vacation dress recco’s for her upcoming trip to Florida. So, in case you AND Annie are looking for cute warm-weather dresses, here are some of my other favorites!  Shop more off-the-shoulder vacation dresses:         Today Blair is coming over for a work date (and I think Shaheen might come too!) We’re working on some cool new stuff for Blogging For Keeps, so if you’re a blogger, make sure you pop on our email list and stay tuned for some updates!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristina Anderson says  February 7, 2017 at 9:51 am This dress is so freaking adorable on you!! It’s supposed to be warm (err, for February) in Chicago again today, bye puffer! Kristina does the Internets 
Diana Pearl says  February 7, 2017 at 10:42 am I LOVE weirdly warm days like that. I grew up in Chicago, and I still remember this one random early March day where it was like 65 degrees …. when I was 12. It was magical!!! Love this look. Could really do with a warm weather vacation myself! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Off Shoulder Dresses, Maxi Dresses With Sleeves, Orange Dresses, Red Rompers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 15, 2019   Above: One of my fave new Amazon suits, linked in my shop!  Happy Monday, friends!  We got back from California last night–we were in Del Mar for five nights celebrating our best friends Kai and Kevin tying the knot. It was seriously a week for the record books–every wedding celebration was more fun than the next, ending in a truly beautiful, heartfelt, and fun wedding day! It feels SO good to be home after a whirlwind week (between the Nordstrom sale, traveling, and all the wedding fun–I’m ready to unplug for a few days ) but also–I miss California already! I forget how beautiful it is there, I wish we got there more often!  Exciting news today–I FINALLY got my Amazon shop live! I know this happens to coincide with Prime Day–(WHY Amazon do you have to make Prime Day during the Nordstrom sale? I am so sick of sales! ) I don’t think any of my shop favorites are on sale (they don’t really need to be–they’re all crazy inexpensive) but I figured at the least it was a good excuse to get my Amazon shop up and ready to go! You can also see the comments of each item on the clothing section so you can see sizing notes! I’ve broken things out by three most requested categories–clothing, household/beauty items, and travel staples! I will definitely be adding a books section as well but that is a WHOLE different beast I’ll have to tackle another day! In the meantime, definitely hit up my latest book posts here!  I have gotten quite a few questions asking whether or not purchases made through the Amazon app give me commission credit–they do not, but PLEASE shop however is most convenient for you! I never never never want you guys feel pressured to use my links and always want you to shop in the way that works best for you! Knowing I can help you and make your life easier and turn you onto products you love is far and away my #1 win here!  However, if you DO happen to choose to buy something through my shop and want to give me credit, you can do so by buying through the browser (when you swipe up) or via the desktop or mobile version of the site and I will receive a small commission! The more commission I receive, the less ads and sponsorships I have to do! Whether you ever shop through my links or not, your support is always SO APPRECIATED!  (You can remember it because it’s it’s my instagram handle!)  ANYWAY–let’s talk about Prime Day. To be honest, Prime day is not really something I really typically shop a lot personally (because a lot of the items I would want, I already own!) BUT here are some deals that really stood out to me if you’ve been eyeing them and waiting for a deal!  My Sonicare was my one and only Prime Day purchase last year and it was worth EVERY PENNY. I would honestly pay full price for it many times over, I love it so much. Who knew one could love a toothrbush? It comes with a carrying case to make it super handy for travel as well. Neal and I share one and just have two brush heads that we swap out but I’m going to make him buy his own now that it’s half off. Seriously, get it. You won’t be sorry!  This isn’t the EXACT model I have (mine is the V8 model), but this is a CRAZY deal! It comes with a bunch of attachments too! This vacuum has seriously changed our lives and has made it so easy to keep our entire (all wood floor) condo dust-free. It’s as light as a swiffer and I can quick vacuum our whole place in minutes!  They’re running a Prime Day discount deal on 721 high rise skinny jeans, 711 mid rise skinny jeans, and wedgie skinny jeans (I’ve actually never seen wedgie skinnies before! So cute!) I have owned countless pairs of Levi’s since I was a little girl and they never disappoint! **Note: Sizes are going FAST so don’t wait to checkout when you add to your cart!**  We LOVE our Nespresso machine and have had one for years! This isn’t the exact machine we have, but I have plenty of friends with this one and they love it as well! If you’ve been wanting to pull the trigger, now is the time!  Obviously this is a given because Prime Day is most known for discounts on Amazon items, but I had to highlight it here because I love my Kindle SO MUCH. I have owned a Kindle since the first one came out and I’ve been a convert ever since. Yes, of course, I love paper books, but my Kindle is just more practical for everyday life because you get INSTANT access to books, anytime, anywhere. It’s so much lighter than carrying a book with you, and you end up saving so much money in the long-term because Kindle books are so much cheaper than regular books!  I get asked a lot if it’s the same as reading on an iPad–it isn’t. Kindle Paperwhites aren’t backlit, so you don’t get the same blue light exposure that you do on a device like a computer or an iPad. Therefore, using a Kindle before bed won’t disrupt your sleep. I even got Neal hooked on one!  I ALWAYS get asked how I clean my rings, so while this isn’t the sexiest item in the world, it’s always highly requested, and now it’s on sale! This is great for all jewelry, not just rings, and because it just uses electronic pulses to clean (no chemicals–although, you can totally add your favorite cleaning solution if you want) it’s really safe for all jewelry!  I SWEAR by velvet hangers–every adult needs velvet hangers in their closet. They’re space saving, your clothes never slip off of them, and they make your closet look sooo much more organized and neat. Seriously, stop using the crappy ones from the dry cleaner. You’ll thank me profusely, I promise! Buy them in bulk with the discount–you will need more than you think!  Make sure to check my IG stories today, as I’ll be posting a few lightning deals there that catch my eye as they go live! Hope you have a great Monday! Filed Under: Shop, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Designer Gowns, Flat Silver Shoes, Denim Dresses, Tan Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 26, 2018   On me: Roll neck sweater (comes in tons of colors! Fits TTS), Raw hem jeans (SO comfortable–fit TTS. The perfect amount of stretch), Loafers, Leopard hat (sold out again but they keep re-stocking so check back often!) They have SO much amazing other leopard stuff! Shop it here–I especially love the silk leopard button down! Kelly is also obsessed with this velvet wrap dress!) On Kelly: Blazer, silk button down, Black jeans, Leopard Loafers, Mini satchel bag On Blair: Velvet tank (also comes in velvet leopard print!) Camel/Mustard Coat, distressed jeans, Leopard Loafers A couple of weeks ago, Kelly, Blair (two of BFFs who are also bloggers–if you’re new around here ?) and I got to take over JCrew’s Instagram stories for their #MeetMyCrew campaign! It was definitely one of those “pinch me” career moments–and the best part was that we had SO much fun shooting it! The photos turned out so cute that I couldn’t NOT share them here, along with our itinerary for our girls day in Lakeview! If you’ve been looking for some new spots to check out in Chicago (or when you plan a visit!) these places are definitely some fun ones to put on your list. (Also–EVERYTHING you see us wearing here is J.Crew and is currently up to 40% off through the end of the day today! In addition, there’s a huge Shopbop sale happening as well! Now is a great time to stock up for fall, so I’ll be listing some on sale favorites below as well!)  Coffee at Heritage Bike Shop: One of the cutest (and probably most famous) coffee shops in Chicago. Heritage is a combination coffee/bike shop, and I’m not sure you could find a happier, cuter combination. Shopping around Lakeview’s Southport Corridor: The “Southport Corridor” area of Lakeview is about as adorable and charming as they come. It’s lined with adorable shops (both big name brands–like J.Crew!–and small boutiques alike). It also has a ton of great restaurants, making it a go-to spot for a girls day! Lunch at Crosby’s Kitchen: I had never been to Crosby’s but had heard such good things about it–so I was really excited I finally got to check it off my list! It’s a cute, unassuming spot with a great menu that will appeal to everyone. Ice cream at Jenni’s: This actually was not on the planned itinerary but Kelly and Blair wouldn’t take no for an answer ? Jenni’s was started in the Midwest, so it’s always fun to support local midwesterners  I got their berry crisp ice cream and it was delicious!    As I mentioned above, J.Crew is having a HUGE sale right now-up to 40% off on pretty much everything on their site. It’s a “Buy More, Save More” sale–the more you buy, the more you save! 20% off of two items, 30% off of 3 items, 40% off of 4 or more items! Use code SAVEMORE at checkout! Here are some of my favorites included in the sale: The #1 coat I recommend for those looking for a wool winter coat is the Cocoon Coat. It’s definitely the warmest wool coat you’ll find–especially for the price! Also, the wool topcoat Blair and I are wearing here is an absolutely adorable coat for chilly weather (but not winter, just being honest). This is “camel” but I’d say it’s more of a mustard/camel combo–it comes in tons of colors too! It makes every outfit look so much cuter–I wore it a ton this past weekend! Okay sadly my roll neck sweater I’m wearing here is not on sale BUT–so many are! I think this striped crewneck is adorable and a perfect feminine sweater for fall–and if you’re looking for work to weekend essentials, their classic Tippi sweater is also on sale! Speaking of work appropriate tops you’ll be dying to wear on the weekends–this leopard silk button-up is in my cart and I know I’m going to be wearing it constantly for every occasion this year! Additionally, this square neck long sleeve blouse is ideal for transitioning from desk to dinner. If you’re looking for tops that are warm but still cute for going out, this velvet wrap top is perfect for that! It’s easy to dress up or down–same goes with this velvet tank that Blair is wearing–so cute for layering under jackets or blazers! I just got these button fly, straight leg, raw hem jeans and I absolutely LOVE THEM. I think they add so much personality to any regular old outfit, and I love the way they fit. They’re the perfect amount of stretch and they are super soft and comfortable! If those aren’t your style, every single pair of their jeans is on sale right now–including these high-rise inky black skinnies that will be perfect for dressing up in fall and winter! J.Crew is also one of your most recommended retailers for work pants! Almost all of them are on sale, too! I love the crocodile penny loafers I’m wearing here! (Also come in leopard–which is what Kelly and Blair are wearing!) I will say that I haven’t walked super long distances in them so I’m still breaking them in, but they haven’t given me blisters and I think they’re super cute and go with everything! I’m also in love with their new Sadie ankle boots–they come in tons of colors (including the standard neutrals but also the most beautiful dark orangey-red and leopard calfhair!) I think they’re also the perfect height and toe shape for all-day and night wear and pair so well with everything in your wardrobe! Remember, today is the last day to shop the J.Crew sale!  Another one of my favorite retailers, Shopbop, is having one of their big Buy More Get More sales as well! They’re offering 20% off any orders under $500 site-wide, and 25% off any orders above $500! (It’s a great idea to go in with friends too so you get the biggest discount–it works great to put it on one person’s credit card and settle up with Venmo!) ALL Stuart Weitzman is on sale! Including my #1 favorite pair of boots– the Lowland boots! These are marked down as well as the Tieland, Highline, 50/50 and every other pair of SW’s that Shopbop carries! Huzzah! Shopbop is one of my favorite places to buy Madewell because of their free and fast Amazon Prime shipping! A few notables–this adorable “Ciao for Now” tee I just bought this past weekend as well as these mules! (I got them in the off-white, so trendy of me–but they come in neutrals too!) Also, my beloved transport tote is part of the sale–I have it in tan but I’m obsessed with it in this dark green suede too. They make a ton of different bags on sale, so if you’ve been eyeing a Madewell bag, now is a good chance to snag it–see them all here.  You guys know my love of Levi’s knows no bounds. They have so many pairs of jeans on sale! Some cute tees as well. Two more of my favorite brands at Shopbop are BB Dakota and Wayf! They both have really pretty classic and feminine staples that you’ll get a ton of wear out of over the next 6 months! Happy Shopping! Would also love to know YOUR favorite spots for a girls day in Chicago!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Vanessa Proudfoot says  September 26, 2018 at 10:37 am Do you know when the leopard hat from J. Crew will be available? I swear it was on the website yesterday and in my cart and now it has disappeared. 
Jenny says  September 26, 2018 at 12:56 pm Love this post! I’m looking for major help with the new fall items coming out and how to match footwear styles and pants without looking like I’m ready for a flood or a hike. I’m 5’10 so the ankle-cut looks more like capirs on me. Any guidance you have would be much appreciated, I always love your tips! 
Brooke Butler says  September 26, 2018 at 6:07 pm Jeni’s is the BEST! I always go there whenever I’m in Chicago. xo, brooke
http://www.blissfullybrooke.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Booties Shoes, White And Black Blouses, Candles, Colored Denim Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 14, 2015   Blazer: TJ Maxx (similar here, here, and here) // Jeans: Henry & Belle // Sweater: Old (identical here, also love this one) // Scarf: Zara (also love this one and this one) // Backpack: Vera Bradley  Happy Thursday! Today’s post is a throwback, shot during our Ireland trip! We took these while walking around the city of Dublin, and this was one of my favorite outfits of the trip. I was typically wearing some version of it almost every day! I think there’s a secret sauce when it comes to the perfect travel outfit–heres my take:  Dark skinny jeans: I brought two pairs of jeans on my Ireland trip, but this is the pair I reached for over and over! Dark skinnies are perfect for travel for several reasons: they don’t show dirt (which you’ll inevitably attract anywhere in Europe) and they’re skinny, so they fit inside your boots, and look just as great with sneakers. (VS a pair of flares, for example, that won’t fit into your boots.) They also don’t drag on the ground, which would be very problematic for walking (again, flares, not such a great idea for travel.) Favorite pairs: Henry & Belle, J. Brand, Paige, Madewell, Forever21 A navy blazer: I wore this navy blazer over and over. It’s chic, polished, and makes any outfit look a little more put together. Why navy over black? I felt that it went with more, and I think navy looks much prettier on most skin tones than black does. I love J.Crew Factory, Asos, and Loft, which always typically have a great blazer selection. For warmer months, go for a lighter weight version in linen! Stripes: This sounds weird, but stripes are perfect for travel! Striped basics are so much cuter than solid colors, and the pattern disguises dirt really well. I brought several striped items on this trip and I wore them all on constant rotation. Stripped sweaters, dresses, tees, everything! A blanket scarf: An oversized scarf is great for any trip, because it adds extra warmth, makes your outfit more stylish, and also acts as a blanket on freezing cold planes, hotels and so forth. Boots: If you’re going to Europe in the Spring, Fall or Winter, boots are an absolute must! Make sure the pair you bring has a leather sole, so they’re comfortable and can endure plenty of wear and tear. I loved this lace up pair (they’re vintage!) because I could switch out the laces depending on my mood! Bright lipstick: When all else fails, red lipstick will always make you feel more put together! I love MAC matte lipstick in Lady Danger, and Younique lip stain!  Bag: Whenever you’re traveling, you want to go with either a cross body purse or a backpack. Cross body versions are safer from pick pockets (the one downside to a backpack, you can’t see if someone is reaching into it behind you), but they do get heavy, bulky, and don’t hold as much. I absolutely loved this Vera Bradley version–it held SO much, its perfect for day but chic enough to go out with at night. The perfect travel bag in my opinion. It also has several pockets, which are great for storage. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
      Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Platform Black Heels, Turtlenecks On Sale, Pink Flat Shoes, Black Pump Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 29, 2015   Just when you thought all the sales were over… JUST KIDDING! They’re not! (This actually was also a surprise to me!) Turns out our favorites stores and retailers are still offering some pretty spectacular discounts today as well. Here’s a roundup of my faves, in case you didn’t jump on the Black Friday/Cyber Monday bandwagon, and still want to get some shopping done! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

(P.S. notice something different in the background of this photo  More apartment updates coming soon!)  Cyber Monday Deals Extended!
50% off everything
CODE: EVERYTHING
 Remember everything I wore in this post? It’s all 50% off! Yep, that does include this camel coat (with the cutest pop of orangey-red lining!), leather booties, and the coziest cashmere sweaters. (They have the best cashmere at the best prices!) I wear mine weekly!   Gifts for him:   Gifts for her:   Use Code GOGIFTS30 to take 30% off 2+ baubles, or GOGIFTS25 to take 25% off one bauble. 
   (AMAZING sale still happening! Eeek!) 15 percent off site-wide with code “CYBER-15,” 20 percent off $200+ with code “CYBER-20,” 25 percent off $500+ with code “CYBER-25”, and 30 percent off $1,000+ with code “CYBER-30.”  That means major discounts on Canada Goose jackets, Barbour jackets, and more! (P.S. to see our guide to buying Canada Goose and Barbour coats, check out this page in our Winter Guide e-magazine!)     Take 20% off clothing, jewelry, accessories, watches, shoes, and more all this week. Plus, check out their daily deals page for awesome gifts for Mom, Dad, and everyone else on your list!    Cyber Monday Deals Extended!
25% off sale items, plus free shipping
CODE: XTRAGOOD
       Gap Factory has some amazing sweaters right now (like this black and white plaid number I’m wearing above!), and at 50% off, you can snag them for just a few bucks! See my other classic sweater favorites below:      50% off EVERYTHING, plus 60% off holiday ready styles! 30% off everything! (Like new favorite grey booties below!)   25% off, new styles just added this morning!     Madewell
Get 30% off select styles!
CODE: FALALA     Old Navy US 
50% off select items, plus take 30% off your order!
CODE: WOW      Filed Under: Shop  
Alyssa Thomas says  November 30, 2015 at 10:39 am So many great deals!  Alyssa | Glitter and Grey 
Jess says  November 30, 2015 at 9:56 pm I know, right!? I feel like this year they had the best sales I’d ever seen! 
Cat says  November 30, 2015 at 12:16 pm This round-up was wonderful! Definitely the most extensive review of the Cyber Monday steals. Plus, I loved shopping your picks! Cat
Class Meets Couture 
Jess says  November 30, 2015 at 9:56 pm Thank you so much, Cat! That means so much to hear! I know every blogger and their mom does them, so I tried really hard to make mine as thorough as possible, so hearing this really made my day  Happy holidays! (Can you believe we can officially say that now??) 
Maggie says  December 1, 2015 at 8:06 am Wish I found this yesterday!! What great picks! http://www.maggiealamode.com 
Jess says  December 1, 2015 at 1:29 pm Thanks Maggie! I actually discovered many of these have extended their cyber deals, so everything you see in this post as of now is updated, if you’re still up for shopping!  xoxo […] to take advantage of these great though, deals only last through Sunday! Plus, see this post below for more great sales to shop through Cyber […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sam Edelman Flats, Red Rompers, One Pieces Swimwear, Casual White Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 8, 2014   Jeans: Henry & Belle (c/o) // Fur vest: borrowed from my roomie, Kate (similar) // Tee: from local boutique, Handle With Care (similar) // Boots: American Eagle (c/o) // Bag: Vera Bradley (c/o) Necklace: Shamelessly Sparkly (c/o) Ha! Made you look with that headline, right? 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 We’ve got a lot to discuss today, so make sure to keep on scrollin’ till you hit the bottom of this post! Let’s  jump into the whole free booze thing first, though.  There’s a big party tonight at Del Frisco’s, and believe me when I say, you want to be there! It’s put on by my friends at Windy City Blogger Collective, and it’s open to bloggers, readers, and those who just really love open bars. It’s a little thank you to everyone who has supported the Chicago blogging community over the past year! Yep, that’s what I said. There will be free champagne, wine, and passed appetizers (Del Frisco appetizers, I’d like to reiterate). All night long. Plus, some of your favorite local brands will be there offering great discounts, so you can knock a few items off your Christmas list while knocking back some delicious Sauvignon Blanc. Coming? Make sure to RSVP to events@zapwater.com.  Is there anything better? Yes, there is one thing that’s better. These high-waisted jeans by Henry & Belle. It takes awhile, sometimes years, to find the perfect pair of denim skinnies. But I found them. They’re high, but not too high, have the perfect amount of give, and skinny enough to fit inside my boots, but not make me feel like I’m sporting 80’s-tastic denim leggings. It’s also really hard for me to find jeans that don’t have that weird gap in the back, and these fit like a glove. Those who join us at Del Frisco’s can shop my favorite pairs of Henry & Belle jeans, plus a sweet little discount only available to event attendees. (In case the free champagne wasn’t enticing enough…)     Finally, let’s talk about THE HAIR! You’ve seen a few photos on Instagram, but this is my first big reveal on the blog! The amazing team over at Custom Hair Lounge was nice enough to give me my first lob (aka “long bob”…I had to clarify for my mother, who is reading this) This was a day of big milestones: not only did I chop off about 6 inches of my hair, but I also got a bit of (semi-permanent) professional color for the first time ever. I wouldn’t have trusted my virgin hair to anyone else, voted best color in the city. The salon is a one stop shop, offering everything from cuts and color, to mani’s, pedi’s, waxing and facials. Check it out for yourself, you’ll see why I’m in love! Plus, get 20% off your first visit when you mention The Golden Girl!   P.S. in case you’re a skimmer. Here are the three takeaways from this very detailed blog post: 1. Del Frisco’s — tonight — be there (free booze). 2. Henry & Belle: Best jeans ever, you’ll get a big discount if you come to Del Frisco’s tonight. 3. I love my new hair, and you should love yours too — that’s why my salon, Custom Hair Lounge, is offering 20% off to those who mention the Golden GIrl (first time visits only). Happy Monday! Shop this look: Big thanks to Blair for snapping these photos! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Leggings, Leather Watches, Metallic Shoes, Yellow Bikinis and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 22, 2015   Sweater: Nordstrom (old) but similar below! // Jeans: Henri & Belle high waisted skinnies // Flannel: H&M (old, from the men’s section!) but similar below  // Bracelets: Busywrist (The Golden Girl Stack!) (c/o) // Super cozy boots: Emu Australia (c/o) Happy Thursday! Even though it feels like Wednesday (yay!) Although 4 day weeks stress me out because you have to cram 5 days of work into one week, I’m excited that it’s almost the weekend!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 One of my go-to outfits this winter is a combination of a giant cardigan, and flannel. Simply because, well, it’s an effing frozen tundra outside, and the combination of the two tend to feel more like pajamas than real clothing. Also, if you’ve been reading GG long enough, you know I’ve got a deep love for men’s flannel shirts. The kind they make for women just don’t fit the same. I love the slightly oversized, lived-in look you can get only from shopping the men’s department (luckily for you, I’ve brought the men’s department to you today, so shop my favorite flannels below!) But for today’s post I got really fancy and put on my jeans instead of the usual leggings, and slipped on my new favorite boots. They’re similar to those horrible Uggs you wore in college, but they’re actually adorable (yay!)       Shop more sweaters  Shop more flannel    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Shoe Wedges On Sale, Black Pumps Heels, Black Cropped Pants, Black Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 19, 2019   This post is sponsored by Barbour in honor of their 125th anniversary!  Barbour Jacket (c/o Barbour–wearing US size 4. Liner vest also available for extra warmth! ), Jeans (Run TTS–wearing size 25), Sweater (TTS, wearing small), Sunglasses, Similar Chelsea Boots  By the time you read this, I THINK we should have made it to Spain by now! Fingers crossed that we had an uneventful flight! (Knowing us, we took full advantage of the “free wine” international flight policy and cried laughing for a full 7 hours binge-listening to our hilarious favorite podcast.)  Today, I am SO excited to be teaming up with another one of my favorite brands–Barbour–to celebrate their 125th anniversary! Did you know that they are still a family-owned brand, five generations later? Being a history nerd, I think the heritage of the brand has always been something that I was drawn to.  One particular piece of Barbour history stood out to me though–that I didn’t know until I watched this beautifully done film on the brand. (Which I’d highly recommend watching!) And that is the total girl boss story of Dame Margaret Barbour in particular. (Can she write a memoir, please?)  A few years after they fell in love and were married–John (the then fourth-generation Barbour), died suddenly at the age of 29, leaving her a very young widowed, single parent. As a teacher (note, she did not become Dame Margaret until later on in life!) she had no business background, and no involvement in the business at the time of his death. Determined to carry on his legacy, she stepped in, immersing herself in every aspect of the business. From learning how to make jackets to working the storeroom, answering the phones, meeting with customers in the field–you name it. She threw herself into it. Eventually, she became the force that is responsible for turning the Barbour jacket into the fashion icon that it is today.  I have always adored the brand, and working with them over the years has always been a career highlight of mine, but I was especially touched and felt even more drawn to them after hearing her story.  So, to bring this full circle–to celebrate their 125th anniversary, Barbour released a special collection of jackets, and reached out to me (!) to ask if I would wear one of them to help promote the occasion. (Isn’t that such an honor!?) So in this post today, I am excited to tell you ALL about this amazing jacket– If the name “Beaufort jacket” sounds familiar to you, that’s because it’s one of the most iconic men’s Barbour jackets. Originally cut for shooting, they are a relaxed fit and have a TON of pockets. You will never need to carry a purse when you have this jacket on–it fits everything! And guess who it was designed by? My girl–DAME MARGARET.  It turns out, she was inspired on a trip to France in the 1970’s–and designed this jacket as a result! It was later worn by Helen Mirren in her role in The Queen.  This newly-released Beaufort that I’m wearing here is based on that same classic design she created, with some slightly updated, feminine twists–like beautiful gold hardware and tartan cuff (which is optional–you can turn it up or leave it down if you prefer) with velvet detailing. It truly is a beautiful jacket. If you’ve loved the look of a classic Barbour but wanted something with a little bit more pizazz, this is definitely your coat!  When I wear this jacket, I feel like I’m channeling my inner Dame Margaret Barbour, and that feels pretty special!     I know that’s probably exactly what you’re thinking, so I’ll list some similarities and differences between this and the Beadnell, which is the other classic Barbour I own. (I have both a waxed and a quilted Beadnell. For these purposes, we’ll compare to the waxed version as that’s the most similar and most popular!)  This jacket has the same waxed coating that makes it an essential tool for braving all sorts of weather. It is the “Sage” color (i.e. a deep blue-green) that is a classic Barbour color. The Beadnell, for example, also comes in sage depending on the retailer you choose to purchase from. Like many Barbour jackets, it has the ability to add a zip-in liner, as well as a snap-on hood. It also has the fantastic slanted “hand warming pockets” that you expect from Barbour–ensuring no cold wind touches your hands!  The design details listed above are really what set this jacket apart and make it different than other classic Barbour coats, but here are some other notable differences vs. the Beadnell:  First, is the design–which is much roomier than the Beadnell, for example. Whereas the Beadnell is cut to be form-fitting, the Beadnell is designed to be more of a relaxed, longer fit.  In terms of warmth, I think that it happens to be warmer than the Beadnell, especially if you choose to purchase a zip-in liner (pictured below–which also happen to be adorable when worn alone as a vest!)  Another warm differentiator is that it has super cozy sleeve details that ensure no cold air gets in through your sleeves! (Basically, like sweater cuffs that are attached to the coat!) Due to these differences and the fact that the jacket is a special edition, the price tag is higher. It’s at $545 for the Beaufort and $414 for the Beadnell.  Is there a right or wrong choice? Of course not! Any Barbour jacket is a fantastic jacket–but I hope this helps decide which one is best for you!        Huge thanks to Barbour for including me in your 125th Anniversary Celebration and for sponsoring this post. It’s always such an honor to work with you! And thank YOU, my main gals, for supporting the brands that help keep this blog up and running! More questions on Barbour coats? Slide into my DMs and ask away!  Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Lace Bralettes, Shoes Wedges, Tan Coats, Trendy Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 4, 2019   Welp! Ready or not, 2019 is officially here! Just like everyone else, I have some fitness goals I’d like to achieve and fine-tune this year–and I’m guessing you do as well! I love this time of year and really look forward to hitting the reset button.  The end of the year–November and December in particular–are always really busy for me, and the first thing that I let go is my workouts when I don’t have enough hours in the day. I know that most people will tell you that letting your workouts fall by the wayside is a terrible thing and that you should always prioritize getting to the gym–but honestly, something’s gotta give–and I truly just didn’t have any other way to find more hours in the day. For me, allowing myself to get enough sleep and enough time to relax and give my brain a break is more important mentally than working out. I don’t regret it–it’s what’s necessary for me to do sometimes in the super crazy seasons, and being OK with not being able to workout rather than beating myself up about it was much better for my personal sanity. (So, if you’re in the same boat–stop feeling guilty about it!)  However, that crazy period of life has passed (whew!) and I’m looking forward to getting into a routine again. However, that’s not to say that I actually LIKE working out. I don’t. ?But I LOVE the way I feel and look when I work out regularly, and it’s always going to be a priority for me to strive for a good workout/life balance. But I still need motivation to kick my butt in gear ? Do you feel that way too? If you’re also lacking motivation, here are the three tips that have made the BIGGEST difference in my fitness motivation, accomplishing my fitness goals, and helped to make working out a bigger part of my life:     I’ve found that when I’ve taken the time to sit down on a Monday morning and schedule when I’m going to work out–I stick to it much better.  I actually go through the Orangetheory and CorePower schedules and figure out which classes fit in best with my days, and I literally create meetings titled “Yoga” or “OTF” on my calendar. I also set a 30 minute “meeting” right beforehand that is labeled “get ready for yoga” so I don’t skip a workout simply because I didn’t have enough time to get ready and get there on time.  For whatever reason, this little trick really helps my mindset and makes it harder to say, “oh, I’ll just catch the later class…” even though I know it will never happen! Also, if you’re one of those people who likes to work out in the morning but can never drag yourself out of bed, I HIGHLY recommend the app “Kiwake”–it’s an alarm that is impossible to snooze–it will definitely ensure you make it to that 7am workout class!   SERIOUSLY. Call me ridiculous but this WORKS, you guys.  When I look forward to putting on a cute workout outfit, I look forward to working out in general a whole lot more. I think the difference between wearing a schleppy old college t-shirt to work out and a cute, put-together workout outfit results in a huge shift in anyone’s attitude–especially mine! It’s the same principle that applies to getting dressed for anything, really. If you look crappy, you feel crappy, so personally, I think it’s really important to invest in some good workout outfits that you feel really confident in!  Good news on that front: The three activewear essentials I’m wearing in this post are all on sale right now at Lord & Taylor as part of their “New Year, New You” up to 40% off activewear sale! Definitely give it a look to see if anything marked down catches your eye. Now is a perfect time to invest in those staples I just mentioned. Here are my faves:  I absolutely love this tank! It’s so soft and lightweight–most of my workouts either consist of Orangetheory or hot yoga, so the lighter the fabric, the better, because I’m a baby and overheat very easily ?It’s such a cute top and you really can’t beat the price! (I also love this simple workout tank that is also on sale! You can never have too many white or black workout tops!)  I don’t think you can own too many pairs of black workout leggings, right!? They are always my workout staple of choice. I love this pair for many reasons–one being the price, another being how thick they are. They hold you in in all the right places (so they’re ideal for higher impact workouts) and there’s no show-through! (This pair is the same brand and also cute if you like a little more zazz!)  I love cute hoodie that I can throw on after a workout and wear to brunch or run errands. This one comes in so many colors, I loved the cropped element and the velvet coated drawstring! So much cuter than a regular old sweatshirt! Plus, it’s less than $20! It also comes in so many colors–I really wanted the dusty lilac color but it was sold out when I placed my order–now it’s re-stocked though, so somebody has to order it and send me a photo so I can live vicariously through you ? It’s made by the brand ASKYA which I hadn’t heard of before–but definitely want to try more of their items! I also love this furry faux sherpa half-zip that is on sale for only $30! This cropped mock-neck for $27 is also super cute. Also, right now, ASKYA sports bras are on crazy sale–starting at $10!   Don’t get me wrong, there are some great at-home workouts that work really well for a lot of people, but they just aren’t something I’m able to stick with long-term. (I still do them sometimes too when I’m in a pinch! I wrote about my two favorites here!) but I don’t have enough willpower to push myself nearly as much as I will push myself in a studio setting. I’m just not that kind of person. (Which is why joining regular gyms has never worked for me.)  Orangetheory and Corepower yoga–and I absolutely love both of them. Is this expensive? Yes. But I get a hell of a lot more out of belonging to these two than I EVER would paying for a gym membership that results in me literally pouring money down the drain. (Honestly, I just don’t push myself working out on my own in a gym, nor see nearly the type of results I do at these two studios). I wrote a HUGE Orangetheory fitness review and results post right here because I get so many questions. I do Orangetheory for the aesthetic benefits–meaning, I have NEVER seen changes in my body like the ones I’ve seen from Orangetheory. Period, the end. If you’re serious about getting into shape, I wholeheartedly believe there is no other workout at ANY gym that is going to get you the results that OTF does.  On the flipside, I do yoga at Corepower for fun, for the mental benefits of yoga, and because it’s an excellent low-impact workout (and lot’s of stretching) that perfectly compliments OTF. I do C2 (hot power yoga) classes exclusively.  Aside from the results that come along with studio memberships, I think the community that comes along with belonging to a studio is one of the biggest draws to get my butt in the door. And I don’t mean this in the sense that you should always have a workout buddy to keep you accountable, but having a few friendly faces at your studio can make a big difference!  When I make friends with my yoga instructors, or I can count on my Orangetheory Trainers to DM me on Instagram like, “Ummm where have you been ?” it’s a whole new draw to working out. When you have a community to look forward to (or you know people will notice when you aren’t there) it helps keep you accountable, not to mention, really gives you something to look forward to! So, if you’ve been on the fence about joining a studio vs a gym (is it worth the money? Will you stick to it?) consider this me giving you that extra push. I really don’t think you’ll regret it!  We did one GG reader meet up at Orangetheory in 2018–it was SO fun and such a great way to meet new friends–I’m definitely planning to do more fitness related meet-ups in 2019, so make sure you’re following me on Instagram, because that’s where I’ll be posting about upcoming opportunities!  I hope these tips help you as much as they help me! Oh, and…  Thanks to Lord & Taylor and Shopstyle for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 100% my own!  Filed Under: Advice, Outfits, Style  
Meghan Donovan of wit & whimsy says  February 27, 2017 at 8:05 am I swear by putting my workouts into my calendar to ensure I do them! Also need that sports bra stat! 
Rachel Spross says  February 27, 2017 at 8:09 am I completely agree with you on the cute workout clothes! That always helps get me in the gym. Great tips!  xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Megan says  February 27, 2017 at 8:34 am Jess, you look amazing! I couldn’t agree with these tips more  // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Britney Crawley says  February 27, 2017 at 9:45 am Love your sports bra! I definitely agree with your tips- scheduling workouts is something I definitely do. I also don’t trust myself to workout alone (total lazy bones) so I have a walking buddy in my neighborhood and I go to yoga classes during the week. Group classes and workout buddies make all the difference! 
Joules says  February 27, 2017 at 9:51 am That workout top is so cute! I definitely think having a cute set of workout outfits helps with motivation. Style by Joules 
Alyssa Thomas says  February 27, 2017 at 10:22 am You are seriously glowing! 
Tina McCoy says  February 27, 2017 at 10:46 am Ok – You look amazing already! What will you look like in 6 mos!!  Keep up the great work, and I’ve gotta get on your workout wagon! Great tips as I start to myself back on track! 
Jess Zimlich says  February 27, 2017 at 11:12 am Get it girrrrl! Wearing pieces you feel comfortable and confident is a game-changer when it comes to working out  I’m motivated by food haha but seriously. 26 and Not Counting 
Devon says  February 27, 2017 at 12:07 pm I’m SO with you! I don’t know what it is, but motivating yourself to work out is seriously the hardest thing. I totally agree that great workout clothes help! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Kellie | The B Hive says  February 27, 2017 at 12:09 pm First off, you look fantastic! I’m struggling right now to get the motivation to work out. I had my second kid a year ago & need some serious toning but having two kids plus a fulltime job means it’s waking up at 5:15 to work out or doing it at the end of a long day, at like 9pm. For someone who doesn’t love working out to begin with this is super challenging! Definitely going to look into Core Yoga and see if I can get my butt into shape at some point! 
Jess says  April 6, 2017 at 10:59 am Hi Kellie! You are a BUSY girl! I know time is always the enemy, right? You should also look into doing BBG–it’s a really awesome workout I’ve started doing at home if I don’t have time to go to yoga. It only takes 27 minutes and is INSANELY effective! 
Diana Pearl says  February 27, 2017 at 12:24 pm You look amazing + I love that sports bra! I honestly hate working out too (it’s just not for me!) but adding it to my schedule helps. Like I always go to a spin class on Saturdays at 11. It’s part of my schedule and I don’t miss it! I also think finding a great instructor helps, too! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Mary Fremeau says  February 28, 2017 at 6:28 pm I love that crop top and the Align pants! You look amazing. I go to Pure Barre in the burbs of Chicago, and honestly, I look forward to it because the owner is amazing, all the teachers have become my friends, and the other barre-belles have become my besties since I moved to the suburbs from the city. You should try it! There are always challenges and fun contests to win barre-bux (to buy fab new Alo/Beyond Yoga/Nancy Rose/Rese clothes!) in studio. It has been the best workout of my life (and I have even run the Chicago marathon! and trust me, Pure Barre has given me better results!). Plus, when you have the group of friends and good music, it’s such a motivator.
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Bronte @ Sights in the Sun says  March 1, 2017 at 6:33 pm Hi Jess! You look amazing!!! I love that sports bra, I actually bought it like a month ago when it was first on your instagram. Super comfy! I had a question for you about your lululemon leggings! I’ve been planning to buy some but a lot of the reviews have said they have a bad pilling problem/loose threads, have you had that experience? Thanks! 
Jess says  April 6, 2017 at 10:57 am HI Bronte! So sorry for the delay in responding! I haven’t had that problem but I’m sure it’s because I hand wash them and hang them to dry! Pilling happens when you wash your workout pants with other non-workout clothing, and dry them in the dryer. I hope this helps! 
Bronte @ Sights in the Sun says  April 6, 2017 at 12:20 pm Thanks for the tip! I’ll be sure to hand wash them! […] The Golden Girl shares her 3 Best Tips for Workout Motivation. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Long Sleeve Tees, White Sleeveless Blouse, Black Pj Sets, High Heeled Pumps and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 31, 2017   I know we’ve been talking a lot over here lately about stocking up on the best fall items now, while they’re on sale! (This is the last week though, so act fast, because prices go up on August 7th!) Today, we’re talking about some of my favorite pairs of pants (both denim and leggings!) that will become guaranteed staples when the temps cool off!  If you don’t already own a pair of leather leggings, jump on that bandwagon already! I love my leather leggings because they add a lot more interest to any outfit–they’re really fun to dress up when you’re going out (just pair with heels and a tank with a jacket over top!) and they’re great for elevating casual looks like sweaters and boots, too! But, the best part? They keep you really warm, which is obviously essential here in Chicago! (By the way, there are tons of great cardigans that are part of the sale too, similar to mine above!) Right now, Nordstrom has a bunch of faux leather leggings on sale! Here are some of my favorite pairs:     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

These Rag & Bone skinny jeans are seriously one of my favorite buys of all time. All of my friends who have seen me wear them in person have purchased them from the sale immediately and absolutely loved them! I’ve also had several followers message me and say they purchased them after hearing me rave about them and that they totally lived up to the hype! If you buy anything from the Nordstrom sale, I’d make it these! They run true to size but are super stretchy, so if you’re in doubt I would size down–or, just buy two sizes and return the one that doesn’t fit, so you don’t risk them selling out! (P.S. these grey booties are also part of the sale and they’re under $80!)  J.Brand is among the top-ranking when it comes to my favorite denim brands. I’ve worn them since I was in high school (granted, not the same pair :-P) and my love is still going strong! I’d highly recommend the J. Brand Maria Skinny Jeans (on sale right now in black and grey). They come in tons of different washes (I have the “Bluebird” wash) and colors, and they are super flattering. In comparison to the Rag & Bones above, the material of these is thicker and they are higher cut in the waist. I wear these both day and night, but I tend to wear them more at night due to the fit and color being more dressy–but they are equally as flattering and make your legs look super long! They run true to size, if a little small, so if you’re in-between, size up! Shop my favorite washes:    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Ponte pants might be the most versatile pant you can have in your wardrobe. If you aren’t sure what they are, it’s basically like dress pants and leggings had a baby. They’re basically like leggings that you can dress up really easily–nice enough to wear to the office or out to dinner, but comfy enough to wear on a 9 hour plane ride! Every girl needs a pair! Some are cut more like leggings (like this pair), others more like jeans (like these) or office pants (like this pair), but all equally as comfortable and sophisticated! (Personally, I love this pair with the zippers at the ankles, which are on sale for $75! They come in three colors, too–black, charcoal, and navy!) Here are a few more favorites:   Filed Under: Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Outfits, Shop, Style  
Britney Crawley says  August 2, 2017 at 7:10 am Love all these looks. Those faux leather leggings look amazing! If I wasn’t pregnant right now I’d totally be ordering a pair. Next fall.  I love your description of ponte pants. I totally agree! They’re an amazing piece to have in your wardrobe. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Platform Shoes, Cosmetic Bags, Blouses On Sale, White Lace Cocktail Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 3, 2017     Striped Dress: BB Dakota via Shopbop (only $90!)–it also comes in a sleeveless version for the same price! Shoes: old, but similar here (currently 20% off and $99!), here, and here // Bag: Gaia’s Ark Bag (JUST sold out on Shopbop-agh, but is available on the brand’s website! Hurry though, they sell out CRAZY fast and this is the only place on the internet you can get them right now!) // Shoes: Old, but similar here, I also have these lace-up block heels and love them, so comfy! How cute are these wrap-ankle espadrilles for such a steal?// Leather jacket: Old, purchased in Italy, but I love this one and this similar one that’s now 45% off! // Lipstick: Burberry Lip Velvet in Oxblood (it’s actually sold out most places, but I found it in-stock at Net-a-Porter!) // Initial necklace: Helen Ficalora (they sell them on on Amazon!), but this one is a total twin for a much lower price! HII guys! HAPPY FRIDAY! If you missed it on Instagram, Neal and I are headed to NYC this afternoon! We’re so excited! I absolutely love New York (and seriously considered moving there at one point) so we can’t wait to get there.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 We’ll be staying at the Hilton Garden Inn Midtown, which is right next to Central Park–I wish the weather were going to be a teeeennnyy bit warmer, but we’ll take what we can get, right? Hey–we’re in New York–what’s there to complain about? Also, more BIG NEWS: before we get into today’s post–a big announcement for anyone who is a blogger or thinking about becoming one–Blair and I are hosting our first Blogging For Keeps photography workshop on April 1st! We just opened it today and are limiting it to 15 spots so it can be as hands-on as possible. If you’re interested, or know someone who is, pop on over to this page to learn more about it! OKAY back to our regular scheduled programming! Today’s blog post comes from the opposite side of the country–these were shot when we were in LA last week! I can’t tell you how wonderful it was to walk outside everyday in a light jacket, open-toed shoes, and the sunshine on my face. OH MY GOSH. I just got this little striped dress from Shopbop (yes, it happens to be part of the sale. Are you so sick of the Shopbop sale? I’m sorry! There are just too many good things included to NOT tell you about them! If you haven’t checked out my favorite 11 items on sale, pop over here!) Before a trip, Shopbop is my go-to website because they have free 2 day shipping with Amazon Prime, and, you know me–last-minute everything girl–it’s kind of a life-saver. Also, side note funny story: when Neal and I moved in together, I cancelled my Prime membership because it was silly for two people under the same roof to both have Amazon Prime. Well, Shopbop links with your Amazon Prime, so now when I sign into Shopbop, it says “HELLO NEAL!” He also gets email notifications whenever I buy anything from the site. Hahaha. Anyway, back to the striped dress. I’m obsessed with it–it’s SO comfy, and it’s under $100. I wear it now to dinner with my OTK boots, I’ll wear it in the spring and summer with lace-up sandals (ahem, exhibit A) or my favorite white tennies, or even as a beach cover-up at the lake! Also THIS BAG. THEEEE BAGGGGG. When Neal saw it he asked, “Where’s your bird?” and the girl at the hotel we stayed at may or may not have asked if I ever carry a hamster inside of it, but other than that I’ve received about 100 compliments on it everywhere I go, and I LOVE IT. It makes every outfit so much more fun and springy! It’s also very roomy if you can believe it? They come in two sizes, the small and the large. I have the large. Tip: When you’re packing this bag for a trip–pack it in the box that it came in, and it won’t get crushed. You can also stuff socks and undies and scarves in and around it in the box, so you don’t lose any packing room, either! You guys have heard my go on and on about my leather jacket, which was a gift from my mom that she bought for me in Italy while I was studying abroad there. It’s my favorite wardrobe item of all time and sadly the leather store I purchased it in doesn’t sell online (It’s Massimo leather though, if you ever go to Florence!) however, this one is really similar and only $199!       Shop this post:    Okay, I gotta get my you-know-what in gear to pack and be ready to leave for the airport in two hours! Haha, you know how I like to fly by the seat of my pants  Make sure to follow along on Instagram and Instagram stories this weekend to be part of our NYC adventures! Photos by Velvet & Popcorn  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
SarahLagen says  March 3, 2017 at 10:53 am When Eddy and I moved in together, I also cancelled my Prime membership. I hate that he gets the emails/ notifications whenever I buy something… when we first moved in together I tried to be sneaky and get him a surprise but didn’t realize he got the emails. He acted surprised for me then confessed! haha! oh boys! Cute outfit and have fun in NY xo, Sarah 
Kelly Larkin says  March 3, 2017 at 10:54 am YOU ARE THE CUTEST and I miss you already! Remember: Delta Air Terminal for the WIN. Loveeeee youuuuuu 
Diana Pearl says  March 3, 2017 at 1:52 pm I just got this bag in the mail (literally, it’s sitting next to me at my desk right now.) I’m so excited!!! Ahh it’s just so cute!!! And I love how you styled it here.  Also, you’re literally staying on my block in NYC! I walk past that hotel every day. In case you need food recs around the area, here’s a couple. Cello is a great wine bar on 53 btwn 2 and 3 with great bites (and they have deals after 10!) The Smith, The Upsider, Atwood Cafe are nice American-esque bistro-y types, good for brunch too. Buttercup Bake Shop has AMAZING cupcakes, it’s founder by one of the original Magnolia people! It’s on 2nd between 51 and 52. I love Tenzan for sushi, and Totto/Hide-Chan have amazing Ramen! Jameson’s a fun Irish bar (classier than the other ones on 2nd) that does live music. And anything on 2nd btwn 51 and 50 is good — it’s a block-long stretch of restaurants! Have a great time in NYC/ in the neighborhood!!   x Diana 
Jane says  March 3, 2017 at 2:22 pm My original post was going to be “oooh that is the perfect stripped dress!!” but then really, it’s the perfect bag too! And the perfect shoes! AND the perfect jacket! I absolutely love the whole outfit! 
Britney Crawley says  March 6, 2017 at 7:35 am Love this outfit and loved following your jet-setting adventures the other week. Your dress and that bag are perfect! 
Devon says  March 6, 2017 at 12:23 pm Obsessed with that bag!! That seriously sounds like exactly what my boyfriend would say if I had it, haha! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gowns For Sale, Saddle Bags, High Waist Flare Pants, Short Sleeve Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 26, 2016   Bracelet: c/o Monica Vinader // Earrings and Ring: Monica Vinader // Dress: Asos (almost sold out in red, but identical version here from Urban Outfitters! Also love this striped version!) // Shoes: Old, but similar here and love this flat version! // Hat: c/o Sole Society  Do you often look back at old photos and giggle to yourself over how quickly your style changes? 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I feel like I’ve literally been through every “style” phrase known to man. Except for goth. I’ve never been goth. Thankfully for my mother’s sake, I never went down that route. Although I did go through a “sk8er” phase with purple vans and parachute pants. Those were good days.  It’s like I walked into a hat shop and played duck duck goose– trying on the “preppy” hat, “edgy” hat, “trendy” hat, “classic” hat, and kind of worked through them all with some good old trial and error.  Have you done that too?   One of those major “hats” is jewelry. As you’ve probably noticed by now, I’ve become a bit of a jewelry minimalist. A couple years ago, I really loved anything with major sparkle. Arm parties were my favorite kinds of parties. I attribute part of this, of course, to statement jewelry being really big back then. (Not that it’s out now, I still think there’s a time and a place for it!) But these days, I think simple is best. I absolutely love the simplicity of dainty gold jewelry–it’s both understated and feminine.  So when British jewelry brand, Monica Vinader, reached out to me to work together, I took one look at her jewelry and squealed a resounding “yes!” I love working with awesome small brands who are doing big things, so hopefully you guys are excited to be introduced to her designs as I was!  Here I’m wearing the Fiji Bracelet–in gold, but it comes in a bunch of different colors (rose gold, too–I love the detail of the metal drawstring fastener!) The Riva diamond ring is also the perfect subtle statement, along with the matching Riva diamond studs. They go with literally everything, year round! I especially love jewelry like this for travel–you can leave it on the entire time, and never have to change it! It’s the perfect accent to everything from casual jeans to flirty dresses.  If you want to check out her designs in person, make sure to stop by the Monica Vinader trunk show at Nordstrom Michigan Avenue on May 7th. (All those details below!) Purchase anything at the trunk show, and receive customized engraving free of charge! If you can’t make it to the event, you’ll definitely want to peruse all of her collections online and at Nordstrom and Nordstrom.com! (Just in time for Mother’s Day!)  Speaking of pairing perfectly with flirty dresses, I styled my MV pieces with my new favorite LRD. (Little Red Dress!) It’s off the shoulder (I swear everything I’ve purchased in the last month is off the shoulder, whoops!) and I’ve been wearing it on repeat. It’s great for everything from casual shopping to a bachelorette party. Topped off with my new favorite boater hat (I’ve been wanting one of them for years, and I’m so excited to wear this one all summer!) and espadrilles.  And yes, now that you mention it, my outfit does match my new bike! (Eeeeee!) She was actually my Christmas present from Neal but obviously due to terrible winter weather she wasn’t allowed outside until now. I’ve been loving life riding her everywhere around the city! (For those of you who live in Chicago–Caffe Streets in Bucktown has become my warm weather go-to–you can work outside on their patio!) Unfortunately today the weather is less than stellar, but at least we’re getting a taste of summer here and there.      Hope you have an amazing Tuesday!  Thank you to Monica Vinader, for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 100% my own.  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kelly in the City says  April 26, 2016 at 10:14 am SO CUTE, Jess! I’d also like to note that I selected the color for that bike, hehe.  And LOVEEEEEEEE Monica Vinader! Beautiful bracelet! xoxo Miss you while I sit in my dungeon… Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Christine | @viewfrom5ft2 says  April 26, 2016 at 10:27 am I have the same bracelet! Love this, you’re the cutest (especially in red!) 
Sara Mendoza says  April 26, 2016 at 10:38 am I have this bracelet in my ‘shopping bag’ at Nordie’s, I LOVE all of her pieces!  You look fantastic in that red dress…. 
Susie @SequinsandStrawberries says  April 26, 2016 at 10:52 am Jess you look adorable, red is definitely your color! Also, that ring is amazing! 
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  April 26, 2016 at 2:05 pm That jewelry is beautiful, and seriously – how stinkin’ cute are you?! This outfit is perfect, you look like you belong in Paris. Red definitely is your color! 
Megan says  April 26, 2016 at 3:49 pm How cute are you?! I love that red dress on you // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Kristina Anderson says  April 27, 2016 at 5:30 pm I know this post is about jewerly, but oh my gee your shoes!! So adorable! Kristina does the Internets […] Red Off The Shoulder Dress (styled here!) // 2. Butter Red Nail Polish // 3. Gingham Peplum Top // 4. Scalloped Cut-Out White Dress // 5. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold Flat Shoes, Mules, Sweaters And Cardigans, Printed Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 6, 2018   Chambray shirt: J.Crew (available at Nordstrom)–one of my favorite shirts. I love that it’s chambray but it isn’t faded or distressed. It’s very classic!  I would size up if you’d like it a little slouchier, I’m wearing a small. I also love this short sleeve Madewell version (also at Nordstrom!) Jeans: Abercrombie “Simone” High Rise Skinny Jeans. Can’t say enough good things about these jeans, they truly feel like designer at over half the price! They run TTS. I also like this really dark wash which is great for going out and travel! Glasses: Warby Parker. I totally adore this company and they make the glasses buying process SO EASY. Also, their frames are waaaayyy more affordable than the eye doctor! They don’t make my exact style anymore but this was the pair I almost got that is still in stock (admittedly I kind of wish I went with them, haha!) I love this pair and this pair that are similar. Also, these rose gold metal frames!? I think I might get those next. (Alaina turned me onto them. Not gunna lie. Totally copying her.) Lipstick: Glossier lipstick in “zip”–it’s the best daytime lipstick–it gives you a “just bitten” dose of color without being overkill! Okay, so, I really did not have any intention of shooting my latest weeknight dinner experiment with you, but after I shared it on Instagram stories (as I often do, you know, share my recipe experiments) so many of you wanted the recipe! So, I did what any other completely lazy non-food blogger would do–I tried to make my next day’s leftovers look somewhat presentable by covering them with beautifully sliced avocados, got out my tripod, took 100 totally failed attempts of myself eating said leftover enchiladas and got…two normal looking photos. Actually, I probably wouldn’t classify the above as “normal” because if you look closely you can see my haphazard bra strap AND a rogue corn kernel falling mid-air as the photo was being taken. I feel the need to tell you this because I could’ve chosen to photoshop them out, but I chose drinking wine instead. Priorities. ? I also don’t know why I chose to put them on such a tiny plate. I literally have 3 different sizes of plates to choose from. Still I choose the miniature version. I don’t know, you guys. This further proves I should never be a food blogger. This is my long-winded way of telling you that if you thought these photos were taken by my adoring husband on a leisurely Sunday afternoon of enchilada eating…you were mistaken. ? #LIFE. Amiright?! So–I feel like I’ve kind of become this crazy Trader Joe’s lady? So much so that I feel like my blog should maybe be renamed “The Golden Girl and How She Spent All Her Money Grocery Shopping.” The thing is, I know you get it. t’s actually insanely heartwarming to know that I have curated a community that is as obsessed with TJ’s as I am. We’re all so incredibly basic but we really own it, you know? Like last time I was checking out and the checker handed me my bottle of Kombucha, rather than putting it in the bag, and said, “you look like the kind of girl who wants to drink this in the car…” ?? He’s right–we are who we are! Anyway, as you likely know by now if you follow me on Instagram stories, I am trying to do a lot more plant-based meals these days. (You can read all about my plant-based-diet experience in this post!) One day I decided to get REAL creative and chop up one of my favorite TJ’s veggie burgers and use it in place of meat in a taco, and it was REAL good. Then I tried it in a salad bowl with similar success, which lead me to post [by popular demand] my “recipe” for my Trader Joe’s Cowboy Quinoa Burger Salad Bowls (even though it’s not ACTUALLY a recipe. There is no measuring involved and it really just involves pulling various items out of freezers and/or pre-packaged bags–you know, TJ’s style.) Then, I had a major craving for enchiladas. But here’s the thing–all the plant-based enchilada recipes you find have beans in them. Sadly, I am very finicky when it comes to beans, and I do not want them in my enchiladas. Also then there was the issue that I dearly love enchiladas suizas (which have sour cream) slathered with cheese. Not exactly things I’m trying to eat a lot of these days. So–I thought to myself, what would happen I replaced the cream and cheese with cashew crema…and the meat with Quinoa Cowboy Burger?! (REALLY GOOD THINGS. That’s what happens.)   Corn tortillas (however many you use just depends on the size of the pan and how many people you’re feeding–see notes below). Your favorite enchilada sauce (I prefer verde sauce, which I’ve purchased in a can/jar and also fresh. In this instance, I used a fresh verde salsa. It’s truly up to you.) Onions and your favorite peppers (I used a mix of bell and poblano, sliced and roasted in the oven). Again, you can eyeball this, it just depends on how many people you’re feeding. Frozen corn–just eyeball it. Put as much corn as you like. TJ’s Quinoa Cowboy Burgers–1 burger per person “Cheesy” cashew crema–I sort of riff off of Minimalist Baker’s recipe (she shares three ways to do cashew cheese in her post! It’s really awesome and informative!) but really, it’s a taste as you go thing! I use a Blendtec blender to blend it all together! Avocado to top  Fresh cilantro, to top  If you’ve ever read one of my recipe-ish posts, you know I don’t measure things. This is why I’m not a food blogger. However, I also am passionate about cooking and truly believe in developing the skills you need to not use a recipe when you cook. When you cook by instinct, you’ll always be able to make anything taste good! Anyway, to start, heat up a cast iron pan (if you have one) with a drizzle of oil and toss in those quinoa burgers. You want to saute them, chopping them up as you go so it becomes the consistency of ground beef. The idea here is to make it extra crispy and chewy. If you don’t get them crispy then they become soggy and more of a beany texture and nobody likes soggy enchilada filling. (Or do they?) When that’s cooking, you can whip up your cashew sauce using a blender. Again, you’ll find the recipe I like to use here (you’ll want to follow her “queso” instructions. I added a bit of my favorite hot sauce! When your quinoa cowboy “meat” is done, throw in some pre-roasted veggies. Eyeball this–there’s no right or wrong ratio, whatever looks good to you! To me, the more veggies, the merrier! Mix it all in together. Now comes the enchilada assembly. I honestly prefer my enchiladas layered like a lasagna–I know this is NOT the traditional way to do enchiladas but it’s how they’re made in the Loftus household. Here’s how I do it: Using a non-stick baking pan, spray some non-stick cooking spray, and lay down a bit of your enchilada sauce. (This ensures the bottom tortilla doesn’t burn!) Then, do a bottom layer of corn tortillas. Then follow with your “meat” and veggie mixture, followed by your enchilada sauce, and a drizzle of your crema. Be liberal with the sauce, the tortillas will soak a lot of it up. You don’t want dry enchiladas! Put another layer of tortillas on top, and repeat the process until all your mixture is used up! Top with more enchilada sauce and more crema, and pop into a 350 degree oven for 10-15 minutes. (Once more–use your best judgement. When they’re golden and bubbly, you’re good to go!) Let cool slightly, and serve with another drizzle of sauce and crema on top (if you’d like) and sliced avocados, cilantro, and I always love a sprinkle of chili powder or cayenne pepper.   Enjoy with my favorite Mexican beverage: Ice cold Mexican beer poured over ice with tons of lime juice and a hefty pinch of Tajin. Bottoms up! SaveSave SaveSave Filed Under: Food + Drink, Lifestyle, Style  
Taylor says  April 6, 2018 at 7:23 am This sounds so good! I have been wanting to do more plant based so I will definitely be trying this!! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Kristina says  April 6, 2018 at 8:42 am I like the idea of layering enchiladas like lasagna, corn tortillas are usually too hard to roll!  Kristina does the Internets 
Cait says  April 6, 2018 at 10:57 am I recently discovered THE BEST tjoes hack! and healthy/plant based too!
I heat up the TJ Frozen mashed cauliflower (they come in little pellets kinda lol) on the stove with some 4th and Heart TRUFFLE flavor ghee. It’s SO Yummy and the truffle flavor of the ghee is very subtle but enough to cover up that sometimes-icky cauliflower taste. Still a lot of butter in this recipe but I know it’s better than mashed potatoes so I don’t feel as bad eating a whole plateful.. 
Luisa says  April 10, 2018 at 7:41 pm This sounds so good! I will make them for sure, I’m not so sure about the cashew sauce tho, I think I’ll keep the real cheese for this one. And great method for doing enchiladas! I find it is so time consuming to do the individual burritoes and honestly it doesnmt change thhe flavor so why bother! Yay! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Flats, Red Maxi Dresses, Grey Sweatpants, Black Chokers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 13, 2015   Dress: Vera Wang Heidi Shift c/o Rent The Runway // Earrings: Erickson Beamon Clear Telepathic Earrings c/o Rent The Runway // Shoes: Zara (old) but similar here // Bow clutch: Target If you’re like me, you’re currently knee deep in wedding season! That means formal and semi- formal dresses are a HOT commodity. But who has time or money to shop for so many different dresses? Not to mention–you can’t even repeat any of them (stupid Facebook!) That’s why I LOVE Rent The Runway! Did you know they have a ton of dresses for rent that start at just $30? (And that includes designers like Milly, Trina Turk, Badgley Mishka and more!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Their new store just opened in Chicago, and I popped in a couple days before (yes, I’m a procrastinator) our friends Erin and Matt tied the knot, and walked out with everything I needed for the occasion. Everything about the wedding was absolutely perfect. It couldn’t have been a dreamier night! (P.S. Those of you who are searching for a venue in Chicago should really check out Armor House!) (Well, I didn’t walk out with it. They shipped it to my doorstep the day before the wedding, technically speaking.)  I was paired up with a stylist, Asia, who was fabulous and had a few dresses pulled for me already, based off of a couple online questions I had answered before my appointment. And know what? I wouldn’t have pulled any of them off the rack, but I fell in loveee with them! She did such a great job. I was able to peruse their selection myself as well, but I loved Asia’s picks the most. I originally picked out this black number for the rehearsal dinner, and then this amazing dress for the wedding. Unfortunately the girl who had that dress before me did a little too much partying (can’t blame her), and they were unable to fix the dress in time for me to wear it–but luckily, they sent a few backups, and it all worked great! So rest assured, if issues DO happen, they’re really great about addressing them! I’m not sure I’ll ever buy a dress to go to a wedding again. (Did you know they rent jewelry (ahem, Kendra Scott jewels start at $5) and clutches, too? They’ve thought of everything!)   Shop my favorite Rent The Runway picks: Photos by Maya Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kelly in the City says  July 13, 2015 at 11:14 am So beautiful!! I absolutely adore this look — you’re gorgeous!!  xoxo 
Jess says  July 13, 2015 at 4:08 pm Thaaaannnkkk youuuuu!  
Hunter B says  July 13, 2015 at 1:20 pm What a beautiful dress, and what an awesome idea!
Always, Hunter 
Jess says  July 13, 2015 at 4:07 pm Thanks love!! 
Katie says  July 13, 2015 at 2:28 pm Gorgeous! Do you mind if I ask where this location is, too? Love it! 
Jess says  July 13, 2015 at 4:07 pm Yes! It’s in Millennium park, there’s a little pavilion off of Randolph we took these in! (Kind of across from Aon!) 
Michelle says  July 14, 2015 at 7:54 am Great post! I have a black tie wedding this fall and this will be perfect. Didn’t know RTR also had accessories and clutches- need the latter for another wedding later this summer. And, you are too adorable, as always! 
Jess says  July 14, 2015 at 10:20 am Thanks, Michelle! Yes, it’s such a great option, and makes attending so many weddings 100 times easier! 
Alias ThePoster says  July 14, 2015 at 9:12 am You look amazing. 
Jess says  July 14, 2015 at 10:20 am Aw thank you!! 
Sophie Zang says  July 14, 2015 at 6:32 pm Such a cute dress! You look so put together.
http://bysophielee.blogspot.com 
Jess says  July 15, 2015 at 6:42 am Thanks Sophie! 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  July 15, 2015 at 9:57 am this dress is gorgeous!! and looks amazing on you  
shaheen khan | lows to luxe says  July 15, 2015 at 4:12 pm these pictures are STUNNING! i love the dress  
Maya McDonald says  July 19, 2015 at 10:44 pm you’re a good looking lady! Lets shoot together again before you move! xx 
Thefullcolorlife says  September 19, 2017 at 4:48 pm so adorable!!! Nice! I think I am totally going to try it out http://thefullcolorlife.co/chainreaction/ […] friends Erin & Matt (You’ll remember me talking about their gorgeous wedding in this post.) I’m so excited, I haven’t been to New York in years, and this will be Neal’s […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Dresses, Trendy Tops, White And Blue Dresses, Blue Platform Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 16, 2014      



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  The weather here is just about as predictable as Miley Cyrus’ Instagram feed. So, you’ll understand when I tell you I shot this dress when it was a perfect-for-park strolls-and-coconut-gelato 78 degrees outside, only to step out the door two days later to a cool high of 55.  Regardless, when the weather bounces back up later this week (or will it?), I’ll be pulling on this little preppy number once again (and as many times as I can before the temps drop for good). It’s one of my favorite, “one and done” basic dresses from eShakti (c/o) and is often the piece I lean toward when I just need to get out the door. It doesn’t take much to look adorable!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Anna Baun says  September 16, 2014 at 3:30 pm I love the sweet pattern and silhouette of this dress!  And the shoot location is adorable!  Love!  XO Annaalilyloveaffair.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Bikinis, White Gowns, Black Pj Sets, Pink Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 12, 2018   Coat: J.Crew (on sale for 30% off for the rest of today only!) See below for more details! // Jeans: American Eagle Jeggings–run small, size up! See them also styled in my Fall Weekend Capsule Wardrobe! They are SO SOFT and you can’t beat the price! Boots: Everlane Day Boots c/o–run TTS–they are SO COMFORTABLE. I’m wearing them in Portugal as we speak! The other pair of boots I brought with me are these Chelsea boots from & Other Stories and I love them as well–but honestly, the Everlane boots are comfier even with a heel! Turtleneck: J.Crew Tissue Turtleneck (30% off the rest of today only!)–I also have the camel striped version as well as several solid colors! They run true to size–I’m wearing XS here. Beret: Halogen but I also have quite a few of Urban Outfitters’ berets as well! (see four ways to wear a beret here!) Bag: Patricia Nash c/o Coming at you from Porto, Portugal! If you missed it, I’m here for a few days on a work trip with Noken–the coolest travel app that makes your trip planning the easiest it’s EVER been–its launching this week! (Seriously, you guys are going to be obsessed!) They are launching with three countries–Portugal, Iceland, and Japan–but they’ll be adding lot’s of new cities in 2019. Definitely hop on over to their website and sign up for their email list so you’re the first to know when they launch! We got in from Lisbon this afternoon so we’re grabbing lunch and getting some work done before we hit the ground running exploring! I’m traveling with my good friend and incredibly talented photographer, Cassandra–we’re having a blast snapping up a storm and will have lottttsss of photos and reccos to share soon  Definitely follow her on Instagram if you haven’t yet–her stories are basically just the really beautiful version of all of my haphazard videos ? I’ve been getting SO many questions on my favorite wool coat–the J.Crew cocoon coat, so I thought I’d dedicate today’s post to diving into an in-depth review. (Plus, you know, I’ll spill the details on everything else I’m wearing too!)  I owe my love of the J.Crew Cocoon coat (and many other things) to Kelly. I borrowed her grey cocoon coat many many years ago and was SHOCKED at how warm it was. Before then, I thought all non puffer coats were just for looks and not for warmth–luckily, this one is actually for both!  We shot these photos in Lincoln Park last week, and I got to hang and play with Emma a little bit afterwords before heading to Eataly to check out their latest restaurant, BAITA, and take a Gnocchi cooking class! They are one of my FAVORITE partners to work with! (Also, make sure you enter my instagram giveaway–I’m giving away two tickets to their Gnocchi making class!)  Emma is getting SO big. She has such a big personality and she refers to me as “Uncle Jess” ? which is my favorite thing ever. She had just woken up from her nap and gave me the biggest hug. My heart!  Anyway, okay, the coat. That’s what we’re talking about today. (Did I mention that Emma has her own Cocoon coat?!)  So–let’s jump in with some facts and FAQ’s  The J.Crew Cocoon coat does run big–I would suggest sizing down. I’m usually a 0 or 2 in coats and I ordered a size 0 and I still have room to layer underneath it.  You’re funny ? No, sadly, it will not. You will not wear this coat when there is snow on the ground in February and you need to walk to work. HOWEVER, it’s definitely warm enough to wear in probabblyyy 30 degrees and above–and you’ll always wear it out at night all winter long (as long as you’re not walking–it’s a great coat when you want to look nice, warm, and you’re pretty much going from your door into an Uber). Pilling is caused by friction and rubbing of material–which is why you’ll often find that coats pill under arms (because you swing your arms when you walk). I have not personally had problem with pilling but I have heard from others who have. Honestly, this is something that happens with most coats–just buy a de-piller and you’re fine! (You can also use an old razor, but I don’t think it works as well!) Tissue Turtleneck: Duh. When am I not wearing one of these? They are the BEST. They are super thin (like a very thin t-shirt!) and I love that they’re form-fitting (not chunky) turtlenecks. My favorites are the striped versions ?? I own them in both Small and XS–the one I’m wearing here is XS. I would say it runs true to size, I always order either XS or Small depending on how I want it to fit. if you want it snug like this, go with the smaller size. If you want it a bit looser, go with the larger size!  Black skinny jeans: These jeans are from American Eagle ?? You first saw me style them in my Fall Weekend Capsule Wardrobe–if you don’t want to spend a lot but want some super soft, stretchy skinny jeans–these are AMAZING. They run small though, so size up from your normal size! Everlane Day Boots: O-M-G-you guys. These freaking boots. You know how much I love Everlane’s Day Heels–well, these are the boot version, and they are TO DIE for. They are so, so soft–made of super soft buttery leather, and so comfortable–yes, they have heels, but I can seriously wear them all day and they won’t hurt!  Beret: You KNOW my love of berets! I snagged this cute red one from Nordstrom–it’s so affordable and couldn’t be cuter!        Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Ripped Skinny Jeans, Fashion Jackets, Stuart Weitzman Pumps, Black Heel Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 6, 2017     Suede Leggings: Nordstrom (currently on sale! They come in black, and also in plus size!) Love this navy pair, this pair with just the suede front, and this cropped pair is really cute as well. // Sweater: Nordstrom (super soft 100% cashmere for only $111 and comes in so many colors!) but very similar here, here, here and here // Riding boots: Coach from Nordstrom (also available in black and dark brown–and a wide calf version, too!) // Scarf: Nordstrom (this color combo just sold out, but check back again because they’ll likely re-stock it!) but similar here, here and here // Turtleneck: J.Crew (comes in several colors!) also love this thicker sweater version // Purse: Vintage LV Speedy 25 (lot’s of used available on this site!)  Bracelets: Kendra Scott cuff and Elton bracelets // Makeup: Milani Color Statement Lipstick in “Sweet Nectar” (drugstore buy!) but I found a similar color from MAC called “Obi Orange” which will have much longer-lasting results! Dior Mascara, BareMinerals Complexion Rescue, BareMinerals Mineral Makeup, Estee Lauder Sculpting Blush in “Peach Passion” and Estee Lauder “Brow Now” Eyebrow Pencil // Hair: Curled with a Beachwaver curling iron, finished with Oribe Dry Texture Spray 
Helllooo and happy Friday!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 By the time you’re reading this, I’ll likely be en route to Cancun or maybe even by the pool already  (YESSSSS!) I’m happy to report that I’ll be shooting quite a few outfits while I’m there, so you’ll be able to get a little break from all the cold weather wear! Also, it makes me feel better that we’ll be taking a California trip in February–so at least there’s another frigid weather break on the horizon. Neal just started covering California for work, so I will obviously be tagging along with those trips as much as I can! Thinking we’ll be in the LA area most of the time on our first trip out there, so if you have any suggestions–let me know! (Helpful side note: He decided to switch to the Southwest credit card for business expenses, which means he’ll get a companion pass next year–AKA I can fly for free with him! I’d definitely recommend looking into that if you have a business credit card! Counting down the days until that happens!) In other news, I’m popping by Kelly’s soon to say hi before we leave! We usually spend several hours per week together, but with the holidays, it’s been almost a month! WAH! I also dropped my phone on the stairs (again) walking out of the house to the coffee shop this morning and pretty much finished off what was already a struggling-to-hold-on phone case. An hour later, we were g-chatting and she sent me a photo of a brand new phone case she found in her desk and asked if I wanted it–haha! (It’s like we have ESPN or something…)  With the holiday down time, Neal and I got a chance to try out some cool new places that recently opened in our neighborhood–Publican Anker and Hotel Robey! BOTH of which you need to put on your list! If you’re a Chicago foodie you might freak out a little when I say this, but Publican’s burger is better than Au Cheval’s. (GASP!) I went there, and I stand firmly by my statement. I think it’s one of the best burgers in Chicago. The avocado salad was also to die for. I also happened to pass Hotel Robey on my way to yoga a couple weeks back and did a double take. I had NO idea that a hotel was opening in Wicker Park. (Basically a hotel desert.) They have the cutest cafe on the bottom floor! While I haven’t tried the food at the cafe yet, what I did check out was the 2nd floor lounge, which serves coffee and booze. (Excellent combinations when you’re getting some work done while on winter break.) It’s an awesome place to do some work. Neal met me later and we wrapped up some work stuff over a couple beers. It was so much fun! We made friends with our server, who is the food and beverage manager, and she took us upstairs to show us their rooftop bar. (Thanks Kaylee!) You guys, it’s one of the coolest views of the Chicago skyline that exists. It’s easily the highest view in Wicker Park, so you see the city from a whole different perspective. It was packed, and its really small, so if you want to check it out, I suggest going early! The hotel is also really nice and the prices look pretty affordable, so if you’re visiting and looking to stay outside of downtown Chicago (which I’d definitely recommend!) you should look into it! I love wearing my suede leggings on outings like these because they feel like sweatpants (they’re warm, too!) but look way cooler than jeans! (Don’t you love when that happens?) When it comes to winter fashion staples, these really can’t be beat! I also love the look of them paired with my riding boots! This amazing sweater JUST got re-stocked in all colors and now it’s on sale! (I love when that happens!) It’s 100% cashmere and is seriously so soft. It’s such a classic staple!    For work: Yes, you CAN make these work for a business-casual setting (well, of course, not ALL offices, but many of them) with a crisp white button down and classic D’Orsay pumps. Tie a silk scarf around your neck for extra credit! I love that this one has both black and navy, which means you can wear it with pretty much everything. (If you’re wondering how to tie your scarf, I did a post on that here!) For dinner: Pair them with a pretty blouse (I LOVE the color of this one and its sleeve details) and black OTK boots (at first I thought the suede on suede thing would look weird, but with the color difference, it looks great!) I’ve been wearing mine with my new Lowland boots I got for Christmas and LOVE the combo, but my budget-friendly OTK boots look just as great, too! For weekend brunch: Style with a cozy oversized cardigan, casual tee (this one is my year-round go-to), and sneakers!    P.S. Remember, if you’re bored this weekend, follow along on our Mexico trip via Instagram and Insta stories! ;-P  Photos by Jules Kennedy Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jackie says  January 6, 2017 at 7:57 am This is such a pretty outfit and I’ve never tried the suede pants only the skirt so this seems fun. Hope you enjoy your vacation. By the way I found you blog on Instagram and wanted to say hi and can’t wait for more outfits.  Jackie | fashionxfairytale | 
Kelly in the City says  January 6, 2017 at 10:18 am LOVE YOU MISS YOU HAVE SO MUCH FUN BYEEEEE (Quote of the year: “I hate nude underwear.” -Neal Loftus 
Britney says  January 6, 2017 at 11:09 am This outfit is adorable, Jess! Love the neutrals, and those suede pants look amazing on you. I hope you have a blast in Mexico! 
Jenna says  January 6, 2017 at 12:04 pm You, Val and I must get coffee/brunch/happy hour/all of the above if you tag along with Neal’s trips to LA! But seriously, let me know!   xo,
Jenna 
Devon says  January 6, 2017 at 4:30 pm Those leggings are so fab! I totally want a pair!! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Diana Pearl says  January 6, 2017 at 7:47 pm These leggings have been appearing in a targeted ad for me all week long!! I want them so much, especially after seeing how cute they look on!! Have such a great trip to Mexico! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Caitlin Edwards says  January 10, 2017 at 8:07 am Great post! Can’t wait to try suede leggings! Also a hotel in wicker park will be awesome!! […] source […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Bikinis Bottom, Grey Long Sleeve Tees, White Jeans, Grey Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 28, 2016   Hey guys, It’s Neal here with today’s post.   Jess usually likes to keep me behind the lens or only in pictures, so tell her to give me a few more guest writing opportunities if you can tolerate my writing. I’m here today to talk about the really masculine topic of “Fall style.” Specifically, football style, which is something I can really get behind. Early fall has long been my favorite time of year (and it has NOTHING to do with Pumpkin Spice ANYTHING.) The craziness of summer is finally over, and my focus can get back to what is most important: family, friends and football (obviously). 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  
 My dad has been a Bears season ticket holder for 21 years, and despite some up and down play on the field, some of my best memories are going to the stadium with him.  Jess and I went on our first real date on a mid-September afternoon, and I still remember how perfect that day was.  It had almost everything to do with her, but changing leaves and fall air really helped put that day up there with some of the best days of my life.  Ok. This is a post about football fashion, so I’ll stop getting so sentimental, but in case you can’t tell, I think this is the best time of year. Jess and I like to spend our fall weekends wearing better clothes (layers, sweaters > t-shirt and shorts), drinking better (darker beer & cider > light beer & cocktails) and eating better (Jess is a great cook year round, I just get excited for soup, chili, and tailgate food). As I sit here and write this I am already looking forward to the next time we get to find a cozy Wicker Park bar or have friends over for another NFL Sunday. As nice as my previous paragraph sounds to me, there is something that I have not yet mentioned: I’m a die-hard Bears fan, and somehow, some way, Jess wound up a Packers fan.  The whole “house divided” thing is real – and it has not been kind to me thanks to the poor play of the Bears these last few seasons.  I have not held much of the bragging rights since we started dating, but when Levi’s approached us about doing a joint feature, my thought was “hey orange and blue is a better look than green and yellow – I’m in!”  If you can’t beat them, try to out-dress them.    If you have been reading Jess’ blog these last few months, you know that we have grown up quite a bit lately.  (Getting married, buying a house, yada yada.) I can say the same thing about my style – it has evolved a lot as I’ve hit my upper 20’s, and that includes my gameday wardrobe. I’ve always worn Levi’s jeans (as you can see in the photos), but the Bears denim trucker jacket ($108 – levi.com) and flannel ($78 – levi.com) qualify as some of my “new-and-improved” wardrobe items.  I enjoy being well dressed for any occasion, so when the Bears are playing, I prefer to look good supporting them versus the whole “Super Fan” look.  (DAAA BEARS.) The flannel is awesome – soft and warm but not too warm, so you can layer it.  It fits true to size, isn’t boxy or baggy, but also not skin tight.  The detail of the logo is also really nice quality (unlike that garbage you find online or outside the stadium) because while it’s clearly a Bears shirt, it’s also stylish enough for any other occasion that a great flannel calls for.  The jacket is one of the most unique pieces in my wardrobe.  Just like the flannel, it’s well made, has great detailing, and has a great fit.  It’s perfect to throw on if I’m meeting my buddies at the bar to watch a game, and warm enough for a tailgate or early fall games at Soldier Field with my dad. If you’re like me and think you can’t pull off the “denim on denim” look, I say go for it.  I liked mixing 2 different shades of denim, and it frees you up to get colorful with your flannels. (Jess’ note: spoken like a true #InstagramHusband). If you are looking to upgrade your guy’s gameday wardrobe, a classic American brand like Levi’s is the place to make that happen.     Big thanks to Levi’s for sponsoring this post and for the sweet game day gear. Thank you for supporting the brands that help support this blog, and I hope you know how much I appreciate your support of Jess!  Your readership and interaction keep us going! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Rachel Spross says  September 28, 2016 at 8:52 am I love his denim jacket! Too cute!! It’s hard to find men’s fashion on blogs it seems like, so thanks for sharing  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  September 28, 2016 at 12:23 pm What a cutie!  
Emily says  September 28, 2016 at 3:46 pm Love everything about this look! Stylish yet manly. Well done, Neal! Isn’t That Charming. 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  September 28, 2016 at 3:47 pm omg, is neal going to start his own fashion blog now?! Love this check shirt!! 
Jenn Lake says  September 28, 2016 at 4:06 pm Okay, we need to campaign for Neal to start a fashion blog in Chicago (he would kill it). Also, I had NO idea that you had the Bears vs. Packers issue too! I’m a Bears fan and Bob is a Packers fan. Never a good thing, haha! Great post! 
Kelly in the City says  September 28, 2016 at 4:29 pm Ahhhh! Neal, you’re a model. This is SO adorable! And I love the Levi’s outfit! Killin’ it, Loftus! 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  September 28, 2016 at 5:18 pm Love that shirt and I think Neal needs a blog!!! 
Sara Mendoza says  September 29, 2016 at 5:03 pm Neal=Swoon, his own blog, ‘yes please’:)  DA Bears’ all the way except right now the focus in our household is The Cubbies!  My hubby looooooves ‘game day’ wear.  I can’t even tell you how many hockey sweaters (jerseys) he has, Bears gear, Cubs gear, it’s kinda insane! 
Aoife Laughlin says  September 30, 2016 at 7:40 am I can’t believe you got Neal to not only write this (very well, I might add) but to POSE for photos?! My boyfriend would never. I freaking loved this post! 
Marie Tachouet says  October 1, 2016 at 3:16 pm this is awesome! you look great, Neal! My fiance LOVES the Falcons, and I hate football. If he would at least elevate the style game I wouldn’t be so annoyed with losing 4 hours of our weekend together  Forwarded to him. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Sneakers, Graphic Hoodies, Grey Sweatpants, Light Blue Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 22, 2016     Blazer: Old (Similar here, and here, and budget friendly version here!) // Sweater: Ann Taylor (I really love their cashmere! I also want to add this v-neck to my collection as well) // Leather Leggings: old, but identical here (also love these, which are a more classic fit and less “leggings-ish” and  this $38 budget friendly version here!) Scarf: Vintage, but I love this one, this similar version, as well as this one!// Shoes: Old, (from Piperlime, RIP) but this pair is super similar. Also, if high heels aren’t your thing, you’ll love this kitten heeled version! // Bracelets: Busywrist, J.Crew    Happy Friday, you guys! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

First of all, I want to say a HUGE thank you for those of you who filled out yesterday’s reader survey. (If you haven’t yet, it would mean THE WORLD to me if you would–it’s anonymous and only takes a few seconds!) Not only was it extremely insightful, but also incredibly encouraging (thank you for your kind words!)  As you know, Neal and I have spent this week in Grand Rapids. This is our second time visiting this cute city together, so when he told me he was coming for business I jumped on board. I’ve been posting up in coffee shops all week. I actually wrote a draft of a Grand Rapids guide a long time go and this reminds me, I need to post it! For those of you in the midwest looking for a little weekend trip, this little city is a great contender!  Right before we left for the lake house (and subsequently, Michigan) last Friday, Kelly and I met our friends Cassandra (who moved to Florida and was in town! Sooo good to see her!) and Meg, also known as the designer behind Busywrist (the best jewelry site ever. I’m wearing her bracelet in these photos!) We took a quick break from work for some hot chocolate at (wait for it…) Mindy’s Hot Chocolate and it was delicious. I literally never actually take a break and get out of the house to meet girlfriends for lunch, so it was a huge treat.  Afterwords, Kelly and I perused Club Monaco and longed to win the lottery so we could buy the entire store, I obsessed over how comfy these jeans were and then headed outside to snap these photos!   Also, total disclaimer you guys, I don’t wear heels when I go out to lunch. (Because, who does that?) Just in case you were thinking such a thing. However, these leopard pretties looked so much cuter with my outfit than my black rain boots, (aren’t you sick of seeing those, anyway?) which I was wearing 5 seconds before we started shooting. You know–I always like to keep things real with you.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

So, speaking of this outfit. I’m not sure if you’re familiar with my friend Juley of Upperlyne, but she used to be a previous food editor for The Everygirl, thus how we became friends. Despite the fact that food was her designated area of expertise, I secretly wanted to emulate her whole wardrobe, as she’s one of the chicest people I’ve ever met and has the best “French girl” style. (You can read her tips about dressing French here.) Basically, I saw her wearing leather leggings and a navy sweater in this post, so then I was inspired to wear leather leggings and a navy sweater, obviously. (Army pants and flip flops!?) And I had to add a silk scarf because, hello. Have you met me? (P.S. check out my roundup of 9 favorite silk scarves for any budget here.)       Shop this post:   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Olivia says  January 22, 2016 at 7:36 am This screams French style, and I love the black and navy mix! Have a good weekend, Jess! Baubles to Bubbles 
Jess says  January 22, 2016 at 9:15 am Thank you, Olivia! That made my day! I hope you have a great weekend  
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  January 22, 2016 at 9:35 am Love your outfit lady! PS How good is Mindy’s? Hope you guys have a safe trip back and I can’t wait to see you next week! 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:23 am So good! Can’t wait to see you!! 
Kelly in the City says  January 22, 2016 at 11:02 am The cutest! Such a fun lunch!  xoxo! Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:23 am Let’s do it again soooon! 
Devon says  January 22, 2016 at 12:05 pm Love the black and navy combo! I just got a navy sweater and I think I know how I’m going to wear it this weekend… 
seventeendresses.com 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:23 am Thanks Devon!  Yes! Do it. Then Instagram your cute outfit and tag me so I can see!! 
Melanie Beatus says  January 22, 2016 at 12:25 pm The heels are amazing with the leather pants! If only it were 30 degrees higher here in Chicago! 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:22 am I know, seriously. I’m so sick of wearing boots! ONE DAY we’ll be able to wear normal shoes again on a regular basis! 
Erin says  January 22, 2016 at 12:30 pm Mindy’s looks delicious! I looked at the menu and can’t decide which hot chocolate I’d try first. Which did you get? -E  http://amie-eo.blogspot.com 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:21 am Hi Erin! It was SO delicious. The hot chocolate is very rich (like literally melted chocolate, haha!) So I like to go with the half espresso, half chocolate, and then I get a little caffeine kick too. I also love the Mexican hot chocolate which as a bit of a spicy kick to it! Let me know what you think!  
Erin says  January 25, 2016 at 12:07 pm Thanks for the recos! I’m hoping to go over President’s Day weekend when I’m in Chicago. The Mexican sounds great ! 
Audrey Hirschl says  January 22, 2016 at 12:43 pm LOLing at your army pants and flip flops reference – I say that all the time when I borrow my friend’s looks! Mindy’s is on my list for this winter… yum! 
Jess says  January 23, 2016 at 9:22 am HAHA I’m so glad someone got the reference!  Yes! Mindy’s is great for dinner as well. The menu is really different but very delicious! 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  January 23, 2016 at 11:38 am Love it!! 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  January 23, 2016 at 11:38 am Love it!! 
Maggie says  January 23, 2016 at 12:05 pm I seriously love this! Your whole outfit is amazing. http://www.maggiealamode.com 
Jess says  January 25, 2016 at 11:25 am Thank you Maggie!! 
Mary Kate says  January 23, 2016 at 2:40 pm I love how you tied that scarf- you look so chic! Mary Kate
http://www.mynewchicaglife.com 
Jess says  January 25, 2016 at 11:25 am Thanks so much, Mary Kate! Hope you had a great weekend! 
Ireply says  January 25, 2016 at 3:02 pm This is a cute outfit 
Maggie says  January 26, 2016 at 10:47 am What part of Chicago was this taken at? Those stores look so cute!
-Maggie   http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
angela sum says  January 30, 2016 at 8:03 pm Love this outfit!  Will try to get to your survey! http://www.byAsum.com 
Juley Le says  February 3, 2016 at 4:54 am So sweet of you for giving me a shout out! You’re the cutest thing, Jess! <3 […] Original outfit post here  […] […] Original outfit post here  […] […] I need to try this trick–a silk neck scarf makes a casucal outfit totally chic. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Long Black Gowns, White Gowns, Cosmetic Bags, Slipper Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 18, 2019   A huge thanks to Nordstrom and ShopStyle for partnering on this post! All opinions are 110% my own!    Dress: c/o Nordstrom–wearing 0–runs a little big IMO! (Shop more similar dresses from Chelsea28 here!) Shoes: Steve Madden–run TTS! (I also have and love the Sam Edelman Yaro sandals which are super similar! Also, if you want a similar look with a low heel, I highly recommend the Steve Madden Irenee sandals!)  Earrings: Baublebar (old) but I love these earrings in light pink (I own them in other colors and love them!) and how cute are these pink floral hoops!? Clutch: Vineyard Vines (old) but nearly identical here!  I’ve got EXCITING NEWS today for those of you searching for the perfect summer dress for a rehearsal dinner … 1. Remember this post featuring this awesome pink dress from Topshop that I said was perfect for the occasion? It’s back in stock! In pink AND black! And on sale for only $33!  2. I’ve got another great dress option for you today (because this is one of my most common requests) that would also be ideal for any welcome party or rehearsal dinner: This ruffled yellow number!  I wore this dress to my friend Kai’s welcome party and dinner last Friday in California and I got so many compliments! It’s made by Chelsea28, which is one of my favorite Nordstrom brands for feminine dresses at reasonable prices! (If you’re looking for another recco, I recommend checking out Eliza J dresses as well!) I have discovered that I’m really drawn to bright colors during the summer, likely because my fall/winter palettes are typically very neutral and dark–I have to soak up ALL the color while I can! I also think sometimes certain shades of yellow are hard to pull off with certain skin tones, but I think this is a very flattering yellow that would look great on everybody!  Obviously you’ve probably noticed all the mumu coverage on IG stories lately. (I guess upon turning 32, you have an aversion to anything that doesn’t feel like wearing a pillowcase.) BUT I’M HERE FOR IT. This dress fits the bill, it’s loose, extremely comfy, and is flowy while being the perfect length–so you don’t have to worry about any Marilyn Monroe moments!  I am always about the details, especially when it comes to pretty dresses. From the various ruffle details to the subtle bow tied in the front–this dress has so much personality, both from afar, and even more up close. It makes a statement while being feminine and not TOO loud at the same time. It’s just plain fun to wear!  BOTH dresses (this one, and my other pink favorite) are from–surprise, surprise–NORDSTROM! (But they’re not part of the Anniversary sale–so everyone can shop them right now!) Whenever I get asked where to look for versatile occasion dresses for things like rehearsal dinners, weddings, engagement parties, showers and more, I always recommend Nordstrom, because they have such a wide selection of versatile dresses! They have everything from casual dresses that can be dressed up or down, Cocktail and Party dresses, and wedding guest dresses. (Plus, you really can’t beat the whole buy online pick up in-store ASAP thing if you’re in a last minute pinch!)  I paired it with some fun earrings (mine are old from Baublebar–but they’re my favorite brand for fun earrings–there are tons of other fun styles here!) and some neutral heels–because the dress and earrings were doing the talking. This pair is one of my go-to’s–I can often get away with bringing them as my one pair of heels for a whole wedding trip, because they go with everything in my suitcase!      Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Backpacks, Ivory Wedding Dresses, Rebecca Taylor Blouses, Black Sneakers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 4, 2019   Featured outfit items: 

 
Happyyyy Thursday!  I will admit I am scheduling this post in advance (look at me, trying to have my you-know-what together?) but assuming all went well, I have made it to Guadalajara! I’m here with the Patron team (along with SHAHEEN! I’ve missed her so much ?it’s so good to spend quality time with each other even if it’s just for a day, haha!) We’re staying at the Patron Hacienda–make sure to follow along on instagram stories so you can come along with me!  Speaking of warm getaways–sharing the outfit I wore to dinner last Thursday night in Phoenix. (How that was only a week ago baffles me–it seems like a lifetime ago. ?) Blair and I went to dinner at Gallo Cafe and it was so cute. So yes, the title of this post technically specifies *date night*–but it works for GIRLS date nights too! Words cannot describe how lovely it was to eat tacos on a patio in 75 degree weather.  I always feel like I’m constantly trying to find tops that I can dress up and down, wear out at night and around during the day!  When I saw this top–I knew it was perfect! It is great for a date due to its flirty ruffle details, but is casual enough for any occasion, really.  It’s Mango–which is a brand I have started shopping more and totally love. (It’s kind of like Zara! And they sell it at Lord and Taylor, which is good because I’ve heard bad stories about Mango’s shipping directly from their website?)  This top is only $50 and while it’s easy to dress up with a pair of jeans and heels, it’s really great to add a girly spin on your favorite cutoffs, too! I highly recommend these jean shorts to anyone who has been battling to find the perfect goldilocks shorts–not too short, not too tight! Yes, they are an investment (one I refused to make for two years, but I finally bit the bullet after hearing SO many good things about this pair, and have to admit, they are completely worth it.)  You know how I always talk about my Juxtaposition rule? Here it is again in action! Girly + feminine top meets edgy tomboy shorts meets minimalistic, sophisticated sandals. BOOM. It totally works, right?  I just ordered these woven flat sandals right before I left for my trip. (Bless you, Shopbop and your INSANELY fast shipping!) I’ve never purchased anything from this brand before but I LOVE it–it’s called Kaanas. I also got their woven loafers (OMG. SO CUTE.) but they were WAY too small. I need to re-order in a size up. Prepare yourself, because you are about to see A LOT of Phoenix outfit photos and they’re pretty much all featuring these sandals. Because, let’s be honest. I like packing light because I refuse to check bags, and me re-wearing the same pair of shoes all weekend is just real life. ?But they are so cute, they go with everything, and they’re comfy, too! What more could you want!?  Speaking of things you’re going to see repeated a lot over the next few outfit posts (?) this Amazon purse. Not that you haven’t already seen it 874 times, but I’m not a big purse girl and this is my go-to summery vacation bag. It’s only like $15, it’s cute, and you don’t feel bad if you like, you know–accidentally drop it in the pool or smush it in your bag, because it’s so cheap. (Granted I have done both of those things and it’s really withstood the test of time surprisingly well, haha!)  Also, let’s talk about my earrings–my friend Natalie makes them (she has her own line) and I absolutely adore them. They actually sold out super quickly when she first released them, but she has another wave coming soon, so make sure to get on her email list to get notified of new product launches of hers! You should also follow her on Instagram because she shares the BEST capsule wardrobes! (Speaking of…once I get through this insane period of travel happening, I promise I will be releasing a new spring capsule guide!)         Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lingerie Panties, High Heeled Pumps, White Jeans, Soludos Espadrilles and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 4, 2013   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 A couple weeks ago, Neal & I attended the Northern Grade pop-up event in Millennium Park, which featured a ton of cool menswear from American designers. One that really stood out for me was a company called Appalatch. You can think of Appalatch as Patagonia’s rugged-chic kid sister, made for the modern-day Mr. & Ms. Indiana Jones as they like to say. I was not only drawn to their story, but also the casual, classic pieces that make up their line, like the super-soft tees and leather & wool cross body purse that caught my eye below. Be sure to check out Appalatch.com to see all their products (don’t miss out on the wool blankets and socks that are must-haves for the rapidly approaching winter!) I can’t wait for more to come from this brand.         Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pumps Sale, Red Rompers, Straw Bags, Black Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 16, 2016   I could not be prouder of anything in this present moment, really. I’m so excited to announce that our annual Winter Guide is back and better than ever! (Go ahead, click above or below, and browse through it!) If you’re new around here, and aren’t sure what “the Winter Guide” is–I’ll give you the quick low-down! (Also, please be mindful that I am currently writing this without having slept for 24 hours? I’ll do my best ;-P)




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

So, two short years ago, I met another blogger at an Anthropologie event that [unbeknownst to either of us] would quickly become one of my very best friends. Her names was (and still is, obviously) Kelly. We now joke that it was easily the fastest moving relationship either of us have ever experienced. It was instantly one of those friendships that felt like had been in place since childhood. We put together our first annual Winter Guide last year, which was a big hit–and despite the several sleepless nights we spent putting it all together, it was a no-brainer that our tradition had to continue. So, here we are! We’re both so proud to unveil our second annual Winter Guide today! Over the past several weeks, we’ve spent countless hours curating our favorite products of the season, gift guide recommendations, as well as pulling together some of our favorite personal memories about this special time of year. We couldn’t be more thankful to have you to not only share this holiday season with, but our whole lives in general! It means so much to have you along for the ride.  From the bottom of our hearts–thank you! And we hope you love this Winter Guide as much as we loved creating it. Okay, seriously–click through and give it a read. Let us know what you think! We can’t wait to hear your feedback! Make sure to click to view full-screen!


xoxo Jess & Kelly  Filed Under: Holiday, Lifestyle, Style  
Britney says  November 16, 2016 at 8:45 am Yay! This looks great! I’m in need of a Christmas party dress and also a new pair of winter boots, so this is perfect! Congrats on all your hard work!  
Rachel Spross says  November 16, 2016 at 9:08 am Omg I LOVE this. So cute and festive  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/wishlist-wednesday-holiday-gifts/ 
Carly | The Clydescope says  November 16, 2016 at 9:11 am Cutest hat I’ve ever seen………  But for real this is amazing and I’m so proud of you girls! Your hard work totally paid off.
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Sarah says  November 16, 2016 at 9:33 am woohoo! I was so excited for this — a little like Christmas morning!  Well done ladies! Always love this guide – helps me get excited for the holiday and get a few more ideas to shop for. Thank you! 
Diana Pearl says  November 16, 2016 at 9:41 am Congrats on the guide! It looks SO, SO good and will be perusing for lots of holiday outfit inspiration!!!  x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Lisa says  November 16, 2016 at 10:16 am It looks so good!! Will definitely be referring to this in the coming weeks!  
Caitlin says  November 16, 2016 at 11:49 am The Holiday Guide came out so well guys!! Your childhood pictures are adorable! I loved reading Kelly’s piece on traditions. And of course, I snap purchased a dress for an upcoming winter wedding! 
Bronte @ Sights in the Sun says  November 16, 2016 at 11:59 am The guide looks amazing! Your and Kelly’s hard work definitely paid off and have super helped with thinking about gifts for people! And also some cute outfit inspiration. Thanks for putting it all together! 
Taylor- Lights Camera Catwalk says  November 16, 2016 at 12:57 pm Turned out so cute Jess!! Love all of your picks and you can tell all the hard work that you two put into it!!  Xx Taylor
http://lightscameracatwalk.com 
Meghan Donovan of wit & whimsy says  November 16, 2016 at 1:41 pm Bravo you two!!! Looks so good! 
Sara Mendoza says  November 16, 2016 at 5:54 pm The guide is awesome, better than a Nordstrom catalog in my opinion!  Congrats to you and Kelly!  I will be ordering from your picks…. 
Christina says  November 16, 2016 at 7:44 pm This magazine is absolutely perfection! I can’t wait to settle in with some coffee and flip through it again. Right off the bat I really want those plaid pumps though! Christina
http://www.asentimentaladventure.com 
Classic Catherine says  November 17, 2016 at 5:50 am YES! Thank you for all the work you two put in on this! I love both your blogs, and this makes life so much easier.
xoxo,
Classic Catherine 
SarahLagen says  November 17, 2016 at 8:11 pm This is so cute Jess, you ladies are so creative!! xo, Sarah 
Gentry says  November 18, 2016 at 10:44 am Blown away by y’alls talents in making this! It’s absolutely awesome and has so many great ideas! Although my favorite part is seeing what great friends you two are <3 
Molly O'Connor says  November 19, 2016 at 3:19 pm JESS! This is amazing!! I enjoyed looking through this sooooo much! All the hard work definitely paid off!! http://www.mollyonthemoveblog.com 
Tina Phan says  November 23, 2016 at 12:20 am Hi! I randomly found your blog through google and am a blogger myself. But omgosh I am seriously so impressed by your gift guide. It looks like a professional magazine and I had to let you know what an amazing job you’re doing! Keep up with the incredible work and I hope you have a happy holidays!! […] Jess & Kelly put together such a thoughtful “Winter Guide” and I can only imagine how much work went into! Such fun to peruse. […] […] I loved Kelly’s and Jess’s Christmas guide again this year. They have put a lot of work in it and it’s definitely worth a […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sundresses, Denim Jean Skirts, Slipper Flats, Tassel Earrings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 25, 2016     Shoes: c/o indigo rd (also love these and these!) // Sweater: Nordstrom –also comes in several other colors!) very similar sweater in mustard color here, here, and here // Jeans: old (similar here, here, and an under $100 version here) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Over the past week, we’ve talked where to shop in Chicago, what to do in Chicago, and now the grand finale in my three part series: where to EAT in Chicago! (Oh, and what to wear to all of my favorite restaurants, too.) It’s no secret that eating is one of my favorite pastimes. Neal admits that he never really had an interest in food before he started dating me. (Is that embarrassing or should I take this as a compliment?) Going out to eat is one of our very favorite things to do together, and you could say we’ve tried a lot of places over the past few years. So today, I’m teaming up with indigo rd shoes again to bring you my list of go-to windy city spots to grab a bite to eat. (Or something sweet!) Okay, okay. Now, if you know me, I’m not typically a big “sweets” person, so the fact that I’m starting off this list with a donut shop should come as a pretty big shock to you. However, Stan’s is just THAT good. Don’t fool around with the basic glazed donuts here, you have to get the Biscoff Pocket donut. You know those delicious little Biscoff cookies they serve on airplanes? It’s kind of that flavor, but donutified and literally the best thing you’ve ever tasted. They also have great coffee, and the cutest decor. I always look forward to coming here! (When we shot this, the weather had just started to feel like fall outside, and it was the perfect day to cozy up in these indigo rd suede booties and a turtleneck to take a donut break!) No exaggeration, Neal and I probably go to Big Star about once a week for tacos. We’re even getting Big Star catered for our engagement party–that’s how good it is. Plus, they have a huge outdoor patio–tough to beat in the summer! You must go with the steak tacos–it comes with this crazy gourmet cheesy sauce that’s the best thing you’ve ever tasted. And their margaritas–I don’t even LIKE margaritas, but here, they’re fresh and phenomenal. An Au Cheval burger is a burger that is well worth the wait. This upscale diner has made itself known for having the best burger in town. (Get it with an egg on top!) The decor is fun, and there are plenty of cool cocktail bars to wait at after you put your name in! (Plus, they’re open late!) As you can probably guess, Small Cheval is Au Cheval’s little cousin, located in my ‘hood of Wicker Park. Their burgers aren’t really the same, so you can’t compare them, but ridiculously tasty. They only serve burgers, fries, and great beer here, and the restaurant is tiny with communal seating. It’s a really fun place for a cheap date night. Another favorite taco place–you really can’t compare Big Star to Antique Taco. It’s like apples and oranges. Antique Taco is a charming little restaurant where you order at the counter. It has antique decor and just a handful of tables, and the best Chicken tacos you’ve ever had. (They’re sweet, spicy, and so good!) Their enchiladas are also to die for–make sure you get an Agua Fresca too! If you’re looking for REAL (i.e. not trendy) Mexican food, you’ve gotta go to Pilsen. (One of my favorite neighborhoods in the city.) Los Comales is where it’s at when it comes to authentic tacos. The steak tacos are so, so good. Oh, and they’re like $1.50. Cheap cheap cheap. Just go, please. Go. My go-to recommendation for any out of town visitors staying downtown. Cindy’s is at the tip-top of the Chicago Athletic Association hotel, and has one of the best views of the city–the only view, to my knowledge, which gives you an amazing view of the harbor and the lake along with the skyline. Their cocktails are awesome, and their brunch entrees are huge and made for sharing! It’s one of the most beautiful restaurants in Chicago and always a fun time. You can see my full write-up on Cindy’s (and photos!) here. Neal and I went on our first “real” dinner date at Frontier! If you want something totally new and different, this is the place for you. Their specialty is “game”–so you’ll find things like venison and wild boar on the menu. (Don’t worry, they have plenty of “normal” stuff too!) Their lollipop chicken wings are amazing, and my favorite part is that they have a covered patio year-round. (With fireplaces in the winter!) When you think of “old school Italian” you think of La Scarola. Lot’s of tiny tables smushed together in a bustling, busy restaurant–and some of the best Italian food in the city. Neal and I just stumbled upon Bar Ñ recently, and is equally as delicious as it is fun. It’s an Argentinian “lounge”–they have a live DJ, make amazing cocktails (the mojitos are to die for) and served up the best steak we’ve had in a long time. We each had two drinks and a steak and the total bill was about $50. Everyone always asks me: Does it live up to the hype? YES. Absolutely. Go, go, go. Some of the best meals I’ve had in Chicago have been here! I’ve been 4 times, and each time it’s been equally wonderful. (If you don’t know, Girl & The Goat is Top Chef, Stephanie Izzard’s restaurant). You’ll have to make a reso far in advance, but if you didn’t happen to plan that far ahead, you can usually walk in and grab a seat to eat at the bar! (I mean, it’s worth a try–what do you have to lose?) Make sure to let your waiter weigh in on your choices–they’ll never steer you wrong! A fun place to go if you’re staying near the downtown area. Quartino is trendy, fun, with great food and decent prices and always hopping with twenty-somethings. I’ve frequented this place probably more than any restaurant in Chicago over the years, both with friends and out of town guests–it never disappoints! (Warning though: It gets very loud–so go somewhere else with your parents ;-P) Summerhouse is one of my favorite restaurants in Lincoln Park–it doesn’t matter when you visit this place, it always feels like a sunny summer day inside. Their food is classic American bistro fare, always delicious. (Especially the burgers, salads and tacos!) Make sure to get a skillet cookie for desert! Bavette’s is hands down, the best steakhouse in the city. You can also BYOB–their policy is that you just have to pour one glass of wine to give to a neighboring table! How fun is that? The vibe, unlike most stuffy steakhouses, is a nearly pitch dark speakeasy with cozy leather booths and fantastic service. We went here for Valentine’s Day once and it’s still one of my favorite dates we’ve ever been on. Speaking of favorite dates we’ve ever been on, we decided to pop into Le Colonial for an impromptu date-night dinner the first Christmas we were dating. We had been shopping on Michigan Avenue all day and were making our way through the Gold Coast shops and, despite being severely under dressed, decided to go in. Their specialty is vietnamese-french fusion, and it’s some of the most unique, delicious food you’ll ever have! The ambience is insanely romantic, and perfect for a date. Ada Street is an adorable little restaurant that sits in essentially a back alley amongst a bunch of warehouse buildings. If you think your Uber driver is taking you somewhere remote to murder you, you’re in the right place. They have a big garage door that they open in the summer, and have a fresh farm to table menu. A little gem of a bistro that is pretty much only known to locals in Lincoln Park. They make the best sidecars I’ve ever had. Menu items not to miss: steak frites, short rib, short rib ravioli, and their Gemini Bistro salad. — The best thing about Chicago (as you saw me mention here) is that you can really get away with wearing jeans just about anywhere. This outfit is pretty much the same variation you’ll see me wearing throughout winter and fall, and one that is universally acceptable at any and all of the above! I love these boots in particular because the heel is the perfect height–it’s low enough that you can walk around in them all day (grabbing a donut at Stan’s or tacos at Los Comales) and be totally comfortable, but tall enough that they dress up your basic jeans and make them suitable for a place even as high-end as Bavettes! (We’re Midwesterners after all, nobody really cares what you’re wearing!) Of course, there are times where you want to dress up–and if so, I’d recommend something along these lines if you care to get a little fancier, but it’s really not necessary!      This post brought to you in partnership with indigo rd. Thank you for supporting the brands that help keep this site up and running!  Photos by Julie Kennedy Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style  
Jen Dang @ Skirt The Rules says  October 25, 2016 at 7:18 am Donut and hair game on POINT! I went to Stan’s, Big Star and Girl & The Goat when I was in Chicago a few summers ago and I’m dying to go back! xo Jen
Skirt The Rules 
Carly | The Clydescope says  October 25, 2016 at 7:56 am Adding these to my ever-growing list of things to do in Chicago…now all I need to do is plan a trip…
Also I am looooving that sweater!!
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Jess Zimlich says  October 25, 2016 at 10:51 am Adding so many of these to my list to try! I love the brunch at Summerhouse – sounds like I’ve been missing out on that cookie though…yum  We tried Federales last week and the margs were delish, but everyone keeps telling me we’ve gotta get to Big Star!  26 and Not Counting 
Kelly in the City says  October 25, 2016 at 12:01 pm THIS IS SO CUTE. I love these recs and those boots are AMAZING. <3 Love you! 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  October 25, 2016 at 12:42 pm these are all so yummy! I love Gemini Bistro too, so yummy! It was one of the very first places I ate when I first moved here because it was so close to my house! 
Minna says  November 6, 2016 at 7:49 pm Thank you so much for this guide!! My girlfriends and I are going to Chicago this weekend and this was super helpful  
Brooke says  May 15, 2018 at 9:09 pm I will have to bookmark this list! I grew up going to Chicago on the weekends with my family. We live in Toledo, but are Bears and shopping fans! Our favorite breakfast place is West Egg. We typically did not repeat restaurants accept for Heaven on Seven and Carnivale! We have eaten at so many different restaurants I can’t recall them all. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Long Sleeve Tees, White Gowns, Platform Black Heels, Designer Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 6, 2017   Do you shop at Bloomingdales? If if you typically don’t, they’re having their famous Friends and Family sale this week, where nearly everything on their website is 25% off! I rounded up my 19 favorites below, in case you’re in the online shopping mood! There’s a little bit of everything on the list–from sandals to jeans to beach-wear and then some! How is your week going so far? Remember when I mentioned yesterday how “blah” the weather was making me feel? Luckily the middle of my week migrated to a higher note  Yesterday I had a productive work day (I swear by the Pomodoro method–which made me productive in both work AND I even had time to clean the house on my “breaks”) It was a really busy day but I got a lot done. (ALMOST as much as I had hoped, which I guess at the end of the day, is still a win, don’t you think?)




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 After that, my friend Liz came over for dinner! We were originally going to go to yoga buttt…then we looked outside. Gross. So we opted for an at-home workout in my living room that kind of just turned into drinking wine. (Those are the best workouts though, right?!) Neal gets home from a business trip tonight too, so looking forward to that is going to make the day fly by! I think I’m going to make skinny stuffed peppers for dinner! And we FINALLY can watch the finale of Big Little Lies together! (SHHHH don’t tell me anything! La la la la laaaaaa.) Then, we’ll blink, and Friday will be here again. CRAZY town! Hope you have a great Thursday!  Rag and Bone is famous for having the best jeans (Kelly SWEARS by them!) and you hardly ever find them on sale! They come in a TON of different cuts and washes–you can browse them all right here. I especially love the high-waisted light-washed skinnies, too! I feel like it’s my duty to shout from the rooftops every time my favorite ever carry-on suitcase is on sale! I have the 21″ carry-on and I packed everything I needed for 8 days in Paris in it! I also love the Bastille Lite version, which I have in the 24″! How cute is this scalloped LWD? Perfect for spring and summer weddings and other events! I absolutely LOVE Nanette Lepore’s one piece suits. I bought one last year and it’s still one of my favorites! I love the colors in this one! I feel like I’m at that weird in-between age where I can’t wear teeny-tiny shorts, but I also don’t want to wear frumpy long ones, either. These high-waisted Levi’s are the perfect happy medium! I have been lusting over these shoes FOR-EVER. (Blair has them and every time she wears them I have major shoe envy!) I hardly ever see them on sale so they had to make the list! How cute is this pale blue sun dress? Can I get away with wearing blue to wedding stuff? I mean…”something blue”..right?! If you don’t have a spring trench yet–I love this pretty draped version for a little over $100! I’ve been looking for a new pair of sneakers and I love these New Balances! This mini dress is the prettiest color, and I love that the cut is a subtle, tasteful nod to Clueless  Definitely a head-turner! I’m thinking of getting these for my wedding shoes! What do we think?! They’re such a steal with the discount! The SOFTEST pajamas ever known to man! I always eagerly wait for Eberjay to go on sale! Okay, how beautiful is this maxi!? The ruffles, the print, the back–so perfect for spring and summer–and so versatile, too! WAYF is one of my very favorite brands! I’m having a moment with cutout shoes this season. Love that these have a chunky heel so they’re comfortable enough to wear during the day, too! The infamous straw pom pom beach tote…25% off? Yes please. (Need for our honeymoon!) The cutest little beach cover-up that I would totally wear as NOT a cover up… The perfect tie-front tee. So much more fun than a normal white tee, don’t you think? I love Bloomie’s Aqua brand–all their stuff is so cute and reasonably priced! The most flattering jeans ever–I LOVE J Brand jeans. You’re probbbbably sick of me talking about my favorite pair, the “Marias”…but I couldn’t not include them on the list! I have them in “Bluebird” which is a blackish-blue wash. Love ’em! Shop all J Brands on sale here! Remember the sweater version of this top that everyone was freaking out over? Hellllooo spring/summer version! Even better, it’s off the shoulder  Filed Under: Shop  
Emily Jurlina says  April 6, 2017 at 8:26 am How do you wash your J Brand jeans to maintain the bluebird color? 
Jess says  April 6, 2017 at 9:32 am As LITTLE as humanly possible  I really only wash them if I spill something on them. Wash inside out and hang to dry! 
Maria Vidrasco says  April 6, 2017 at 2:08 pm Amazing hair 
M&MFASHIONBITES : http://mmfashionbites.blogspot.gr/search/label/MariaV.
Maria V. 
Cinthya Quintana-Marofske says  April 6, 2017 at 4:06 pm This list is everything. 
Melanie Beatus says  April 7, 2017 at 3:25 pm Ok I literally LOVE every single item you shared, and I already did a huge online order at Bloomie’s oops  
Marissa says  April 7, 2017 at 4:02 pm You have sold me on the J Brand jeans.. always love a good Bloomies discount  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Long Sleeve Maxi Dresses, Black Tees, Rebecca Taylor Blouses, One Pieces Swimwear and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 19, 2018   Camisole: Mine is old, but similar here, here, here  Pants: Madewell (run TTS)–similar trousers here, here and here, Sweater: old, but similar here, here and here Leopard Sandals: 1901 (size down 1/2 size) if sandals aren’t your jam–Nordstrom has TONS of leopard pumps in stock! Loafers: Gucci, but Sam Edelman makes some great comfy dupes!  Earrings: Similar here, and here  You guys are going to LOOOVVEEE today’s post. It’s office wear meets date night meets athleisure. I know that sounds like an impossible mix for one outfit–but stick with me, and you’ll be as obsessed as I am! Ready to jump in?! First, let’s go over the two main pillar pieces of this outfit: The slip tank: I’ve been raving about what I call “slip tanks” for years (granted, I don’t think anyone else calls them this  they’re “camisoles” but I think “slip tank” is more descriptive. Like a slipdress, but in tank top format! It’s super versatile, chic, and simple. It can be demurely sexy or it can be basic and professional. It’s whatever you want it to be. (Just adjust the straps to adjust the amount of décolleté you’d like to show!) Mine I’m wearing here is old, but there are SO many similar ones out there–like here, here, and here! Two common questions I get about these tanks:  Q: What kind of bra do I wear with them? A: These reusable sticky petals! If you need more support than that, I’d recommend reading this post to see GG readers’ most popular strapless bra recommendations–everyone raves about Lively’s no wire strapless bra!  Q: How do I avoid getting deodorant residue on them? A: Ever since I switched to Kopari’s natural deodorant I have never had this issue! I’m doing a full review on it soon but I absolutely love it and it’s the best natural deodorant I’ve found! Easy pants: These pants happen to be from Madewell, one of my favorite brands! They’re called “track trousers” which describes them perfectly. They are a chameleon of the closet–whatever you want them to be, they are. Want to wear them with sneakers for athleisure? You got it. Want to wear them to the office? Sure! Who knew something that qualified as athleisure AND officewear could be cute enough for a night out? Here’s how to style these two wardrobe staples three different ways (although, the possibilities are endless!)    If you love the whole jumpsuit trend but can’t seem to find one that makes you feel confident instead of silly, try this hack: pair together a tank and pair of pants that are the same color in similar materials! Of course, this tank would also look cute with black jeans, but because the pants are a similar type of flowy crepe material, it makes the outfit a whole lot dressier (and actually look like a jumpsuit!) Shop more camisoles:    Shop more trousers:    You may think a simple, plain outfit such as this is a little one note–but that’s where the shoes come in! I was sooo excited to see that leopard has come back so much this fall (I mean, I don’t think it was ever out of style, but everywhere you look these days is leopard!) Subtle leopard shoes are a way to play with the trend that doesn’t feel too trendy–and these are the perfect shoes! Speaking of trends–I typically like to buy my more “on-trend” looks from Nordstrom’s trend section! They have so many cute options (that aren’t TOO trendy) that I love styling with more classic items for an outfit mix that feels “just right” to me. (Remember my Juxtaposition rule of style? That comes into play here!) Some of my favorite go-to brands are Leith, B.P., Topshop, Wayf, and Madewell! Anyway, I was hesitant about buying sandals so close to fall, but they’re super comfortable with a low chunky heel and the leopard print makes them suitable for all seasons (I mean, not in Chicago winter, but definitely on your trip to warmer climates come January–haha!) We still have a fair amount of good weather left, and they’ll give me something to look forward to pulling out in the spring! Plus, they’re only $99! Huzzah!   I mean honestly this is so easy that I shouldn’t even be calling this an outfit change, but you can see just how different adding a sweater makes this outfit. The first one is subtly sexy, but with the addition of a cardigan, it becomes totally office appropriate. If you’re worried about how much skin is showing on top, you can always get a camisole with adjustable straps (like this one!) and shorten the straps for the office–and lengthen them for date night! Also, if closed-toed shoes aren’t an option for your 9-5, this look would totally work with leopard pumps, too! I love this block-heeled pair in the cognac suede–that would look SO pretty with this outfit! Shop more leopard shoes:     If you thought this outfit couldn’t get MORE versatile, just you wait! With a simple change of shoes, this becomes the perfect outfit for travel. Whether you’re driving 2 hours or taking a long haul flight to Europe–this outfit is about as comfortable as they come! (Granted, I would change into a black regular bra and just be fine with my bra straps showing when I took my bra off. No strapless bras or petals for hours across the Atlantic, thank you!) It’s so much more put together than sweatpants–and if you need to go straight to a meeting when you get off the plane, you’ll look perfectly acceptable doing so! (Tip: If you’re worried about wrinkles, carry some Downy wrinkle release spray in your carry-on–that stuff is MAGICAL!) A note on these loafers–I get asked so much if they’re worth the splurge! I absolutely love love them and they are one of my favorite pairs of shoes I own. I know I will wear them for years and I hope I have a daughter with the same size feet so I can give them to her one day, I love them that much! They are incredibly comfortable from day one and the leather is like butter. I think they’re more chic, classic, and beautiful than any other loafers out there. I like the loafers over the mules because the mules will go out of style and loafers never will. BUT. That being said, I think it’s totally a personal preference–if you like the look of a more affordable pair just as much–then that’s GREAT! If splurge-worthy loafers aren’t in your budget, don’t think your outfit is any less cute! (I think the Sam Edelman loafers, for example, are also insanely comfortable and adorable–I have them in leopard print but they come in lot’s of colors!) Nordstrom carries a ton of loafers at all different price points!     Thanks to Nordstrom–my #1–for sponsoring this post! (All opinions are obviously my own!) And thanks to YOU for supporting my favorite brands who help this blog grow and allow me to keep creating the best possible content!  Photos by Divina Stennfeld  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jane says  September 19, 2018 at 7:44 am This may be a weird question but how do you prevent getting deodorant stains on your slip tanks? It’s he one think that prevents me from wearing mine!! 
jesskeys11 says  September 19, 2018 at 9:13 am HI Jane! I use Kopari deodorant and don’t have issues with it rubbing off on my clothes! 
Caitlin says  September 19, 2018 at 10:23 am I’ll definitely check out those pants! I have an Abercrombie camisole like that one with a bit of lace! Hoping I can dress this up for work! http://www.themilestraveled.com 
Diana says  September 21, 2018 at 6:07 pm Love all the looks but the one with loafers is my favorite. I don’t own loafers but have thought about adding it to my wardrobe this fall. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Lace Cocktail Dresses, Black Heel Wedges, Long Black Gowns, Soludos Espadrilles and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 18, 2016   See original post from last spring here Hiii from underneath a large pile of moving boxes and a tornado of an apartment!!  Wanted to pop in to let you guys know about one of my favorite wardrobe staples on sale right now–Barbour jackets!  My Barbour coats are some of my absolute favorites–and while it might be hot outside now, the best deals for fall are to be had when the weather is still toasty! (Plus, you’ll be extra excited when fall rolls around, right?)  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Admittedly, I had another post planned for today, but when I woke up this morning to finish it, my internet had mysteriously stopped working (yay!) So by the time I got to a coffee shop (currently working at Atomix cafe, one of my faves!) it was just too late to finish today. So stay tuned for that at a later date   Here are some of my favorite Barbour must-on sale both on Tuckernuck and Nordstrom (speaking of the Nordstrom sale, you can scope out all the “Early Access” sale details in this post.) The ever-popular Barbour Trevose rain coat is on sale too–available both in navy (above!) and yellow!  In other news–we’ll be packing up our little apartment this week to move into our brand new condo on Saturday! (EEEK!) We’re working on getting it painted (it’s currently a delightfully blah shade of beige) and starting to slowly move our clothes and smaller items before the movers arrive this weekend.  I’m also super excited for some catch-up girls date nights this week with my college friends. (But even more excited to have them over for wine on our new deck. You know, once we get furniture.)  Anyway–click below to shop my Barbour favorites!  More Barbour Favorites:     Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Jenn Lake says  July 18, 2016 at 11:22 am Sending you major good vibes for the move, lady! Loving this look on you!  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  July 18, 2016 at 12:34 pm Love Barbour! I have my eye on a pretty coat! 
Jill says  July 19, 2016 at 12:46 pm Congrats on the move! Can’t wait to hear all about it!!
Jill Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Sandals, Off White Pumps, Boxes, Printed Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 15, 2013     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
       Pillip Lim for all! The most anticipated launch of the season is now live at Target.com. It’s perhaps the best designer collection Target has launched so far. It’s been a great start to my Sunday morning, let me tell you. I’m not sure of the exact time the collection went live at Target.com, but I set my alarm for 5am and was able to snag every.single.item. of my liking. Astonished. There were no words. I expected website crashes and a stressful mad dash to throw everything into my online shopping cart before greedy women all over America could do so (Missoni for Target launch of 2011, anyone?)- but no issues of the sort. As if I wasn’t happy enough, Target threw in free shipping! If I could issue a report card for my online shopping experience, it was an A+, really.  Unfortunately, there was a 5 item shopping bag limit. In hindsight, that was probably a good thing to prevent my half-asleep, half-online-shopping-high self from racking up an enormous credit card bill. However, above are the items I did snag. As soon as I receive my package, I will report on my findings in more detail. In the meantime, go to Target.com and snag your fav Phillip Lim for Target duds before they’re gone! Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses, Red Bikinis, Silver Sandals, Denim Jean Skirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 10, 2018   Top: Amanda Uprichard c/o Shopbop–Runs TTS–Shop more similar smocked tops here + more Amanda Uprichard here! Jean shorts: Topshop–my pair are old from a few years ago, but they’re the “mom shorts”– similar here, here and here. Also, if you have more room in your budget, everyone I know that owns these AGOLDE jean shorts swears they are worth every penny! They aren’t too tight or too short–I have them in my cart right now so I’ll report back! Shop more AGOLDE here! Earrings: Amazon! Less than $10!! Purse: Also Amazon–it’s $23! I also love this one and this one–Urban Outfitters actually has some great budget-friendly straw bags!  Sandals: Steven by Steve Madden c/o Shopbop (fully stocked again!) I have them in camel, too! They are SO comfy and run TTS! Shop more cute Steven sandals here. Sunnies: Ray Ban 52mm Icons Happy Tuesday, guys! It feels really good to be getting back into the swing of things post Italy trip. I had the best birthday yesterday, thanks so much for your birthday wishes! I went to one of my favorite coffee shops, CC Ferns, and knocked out a couple blog posts (I know, working on my birthday, but it was so nice to get back to work–I didn’t really want to do anything else ?) Don’t worry, I only did the fun work. I left the boring stuff like going through my inbox to start on today ? Anyway, I shot this outfit before we left and as you know, despite my best efforts, I didn’t get my life together enough to schedule two weeks of content to go up while I was gone, so I just took two weeks off. (Thank you for understanding!) Regardless, I wanted to post this cute outfit before everything sold out! Jean shorts are one of my favorite wardrobe staples, but I think sometimes they can feel a little too young, too casual, or too edgy to make them work for certain occasions. The good news is that you can class up jean shorts pretty easily, and today’s post has some tips on how to do just that! First thing’s first–it’s easy to lump all jean shorts into the same category, but there are SO many different cuts, washes, and styles of jean shorts. If you feel like they haven’t been the right fit for you in the past, don’t give up! They’re a wardrobe staple that every girl should have! I find that my favorite kind is a high-waisted, not crazily distressed, raw-hem pair that is a minimum of 3″ in the inseam. The pair I’m wearing here is from Topshop–but I have also heard SO many good things about the AGOLDE Parker shorts. They are a cult classic. I also want to try this pair as well–I’ll keep you posted! You can also go with a pair that is cuffed on the bottom if you don’t prefer a raw-hem–those would be even more classic! I have this pair from Abercrombie that I really love (and only $39 right now!!) They have a lot of stretch, are super flattering, and I actually removed the small seam that tacks up the sides so I can either roll them up or roll them down for the raw hem–I love the length this way! Shop more jean shorts:    I love getting dressed with the “juxtaposition rule”–as I like to call it–in mind. It’s essentially just the idea of mixing two different styles together for the perfect juxtaposition. In this example we have jean shorts, that are a little bit casual-edge, right? To make the outfit more interesting or to dress it up, pair it with something that is completely the opposite–something really feminine and sweet–like a top with bows! I’m not one to jump on a lot of trend bandwagons, but I love the smocked trend that’s happening right now–I think smocked tops are so fun and summery and are a perfect match for high-waisted shorts and skirts! Shop more smocked tops:    As you know, my style tends to be fairly polished, so when I wear something like jean shorts that are more casual with edgier elements like a raw hem, I like to keep everything else classic and feminine! I absolutely love these polished, Grecian-inspired flats. They are so incredibly chic and comfortable–I own them in two colors and wore them all over Italy with no blisters. Since they’re slides, they’re also great for the pool and are so much classier than rubber flip flops! They run true to size! Shop all colors (they come in heels, too!)      SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Theresa says  July 10, 2018 at 10:16 am What’s your thoughts on investing in the Gucci belt? 
Nicole Green says  July 10, 2018 at 12:54 pm Jess this top is so fun! Hope you had a great birthday and a WONDERFUL trip to Italy; I loved following along while you were  in Florence — it’s my fav! 
marina says  July 10, 2018 at 9:32 pm Happy birthday Jess! im reading all your last post 
xoxo from Buenos Aires, Argentina 
Connor Lazowy says  July 24, 2018 at 4:47 am Great post! That dress is so gorgeous on you, and i love the vintage flirt details of the dress.  Gorgeous! 
Amanda says  September 5, 2018 at 11:54 pm Love your style! You are looking stunning. These are the best ways to rock with denim shorts. I am so excited to try them. Thanks for sharing. 
Lisa says  July 22, 2019 at 1:34 am Nice style and love this look! You are looking so beautiful with these looks. I can’t wait to try these styles. Thanks and keep sharing. 
Tsport says  July 22, 2019 at 7:56 am Love your article! You are looking gorgeous. These are the best ways to wear shorts. I got some great ideas from your article. Thanks for sharing. 
Tina Preston says  November 4, 2019 at 5:54 pm Love the blue and white! Very flirty and cute. Cue slide sandals. XOXOXOXO Tina […] I love how sweet and this bow top is, and the edgy cutoff jean shorts are a perfect foil! Read the full blog post on how I like to style jean shorts here! […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Printed Pants, Tees, White Sheath Dresses, Black Pj Sets and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 24, 2015  
Merry Christmas Eve!  It seems like this year has absolutely flown by. I feel like last Christmas was only a few months ago! Today I’m going to tie up some loose ends and get my last bit of Christmas shopping done! (My family is notorious for doing the bulk of their shopping at the final hour.) But you, you probably have all your shopping done already, right? The presents are wrapped. Everything is checked off the Christmas list. So now what? Time to start thinking about New Years Eve! In case you’ve got some couch time lined up today, I’ve rounded up my favorite dresses perfect for any New Years Eve occasion. (Speaking of, I’m going to be wearing this little caped number this year! I’m convinced it’s now the chicest thing I own, and it’s under $100!) Click to shop them all below! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Simple Sparkles   Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Carly says  December 24, 2015 at 8:16 am This makes me wish I were doing something fancy for New Year’s!!! Instead I’ll be in PJ’s at the cottage….sequins are totally cabin chic, right?
http://www.theclydescope.com 
B @ The Sequin Notebook says  December 24, 2015 at 8:26 am There can never be too much sparkle on NYE! Very pretty options, especially the cap sleeve sequin dress! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Knit Dresses, White And Black Blouses, Black Heel Booties, Lariats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 24, 2015   Linen button down, striped linen shorts, sandals, and belt all c/o Tommy Bahama // Sunglasses: c/o American Eagle // Bracelets: Busywrist // Bag: Target // Earrings: c/o Kendra Scott (part of her fall collection coming soon!)  Happy Wednesday! In honor of the FIRST official week of summer (although in Chicago, it doesn’t always feel like it!) I’ve paired up today with an iconic brand that often synonymous with summer: Tommy Bahama! I know what you’re thinking and yes–my dad also owns plenty of Tommy Bahama vacation-chic Hawaiian shirts (after all, that’s what they’re known for!) but the brand has completely revamped their women’s line, and also added some amazing modern mens pieces, too! One of my favorite things about being a blogger is that I get to partner with companies and spread the word about the fresh new things they’re doing, and this, my friends, is certainly one of them. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I remember a couple years ago when everyone thought Loft was only for moms (it’s true, you know it is)–now they’re one of my favorite stores! I see the same big things coming up for Tommy Bahama, and totally fell in love with the store and some new additions that are catered more toward the millennial crowd–same breezy look and feel, but with a younger, modern twist. This past weekend, Neal and I had Kelly and Mitch over to the roof for some cocktails (fine, they were Miller Lights and Tecates) and these breezy basics were perfect for a casual rooftop occasion. This linen button down has since replaced my standard Ralph Lauren oxford for the summer (and looks so cute belted with a cheetah belt!) and the striped pastel linen shorts are the perfect length (not too long or too short–which is hard for me to find!) Also–let’s talk about these sandals. Super comfy and the prettiest shade of cognac leather. (It’s no wonder Kelly, Shaheen and I all went for the same pair!) They also have some really adorable home accessories which I spent over 30 minutes perusing–think chic, beachy barware, adorable candles, coffee table books, and more. All in all, I’m kind of obsessed. That being said, I’ll be definitely hanging out at their Michigan Avenue store event along with Windy City Blogger Collective, as well as Kelly, Shaheen, Zahra and Johanna on July 1st from 6pm-8pm! Come see their new arrivals and say hi! There will be cocktails, appetizers, and some AMAZING gift bags that you won’t want to miss out on. You can RSVP here. Hope to see you there!          What do you think? Would you wear these summer staples?  *This post is sponsored by Tommy Bahama. All opinions are 100% my own. Thanks for supporting the brands that support GG and make this blog possible!*  P.S. here’s more info on the event, can’t wait to see you!  All photos by Kelly Larkin   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  […] Admittedly, I think he’s the more stylish one out of the two of us, and has an incredible eye for detail. The well-made buttons on this shirt really caught his eye, especially the last one, which is in a darker accent color. Since short sleeved men’s button downs are so in this season, it was awesome to see such a great selection! See some of our other favorites here, here, and here. (Seriously, they are way more than just your Dad’s vacation brand these days!) If you haven’t seen my post on their new women’s line, click here! […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Lace Bralettes, Wedge Black Shoes, Sam Edelman Flats, Black Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 20, 2019  One of the most common styling questions I get asked is “Can you post more outfit ideas for over the knee boots!?” While I have a TON of outfits I’ve worn on the blog with my favorite OTK boot styles, I don’t have them all in one place–so I thought it was time to change that ?Let this be your #1 go-to next time you need outfit inspiration and new ways to remix your favorite pair of boots!  First, let’s talk about my favorite boot styles:  My #1 most worn pair of boots––you’ve likely heard me talk about Blondo boots because I feel like it’s all I talk about. SO many of you are equally obsessed ?They are all waterproof–they come in way more styles, not just OTK, but I’ve had my pair for years and they hold up so well, even in the slush! The pair that is closest to mine is this pair! Blondo runs true to size in my experience.  The tan pair of boots you’ll see below are Steve Madden. Again, they’re an older pair, but this pair is super similar and is on sale for $77! They also come in black! Steve Madden in general runs true to size in my experience.  The Lowland boots are TOTALLY a splurge, and one of my few designer items. I don’t wear these nearly as often as the Blondo boots, simply because I don’t want to wear my nice boots in crappy weather, but they’re probably my favorite pair of boots I own. They are so high quality and are the only pair I’ve found that TRULY hug my legs. (I have very small child-like calves haha.) These also run true to size.   Similar wrap bodysuit, coated denim mini skirt (TTS) and similar leather jacket–a great Amazon steal!  Blondo boots (mine are from a couple years ago but these are similar! This is a look you guys have seen most recently in my “How to wear all black” post! Black on black with black boots is a no-brainer. If it’s feeling a bit too much for you, you can add a jacket in a contrasting color! (Yes, you can wear brown with black!)   Stuart Weitzman Lowland Boots–huge splurge, but they’re my favorite boots that I own! However, I do wear the Blondo boots more often simply because they’re waterproof and in the Chicago weather I don’t have to worry about ruining them! Old sweater (it’s convertible to off the shoulder!) but similar sweater here. Leather skirt is also old, but this BlankNYC one is similar and they are my favorite skirt brand! (Same brand of every other skirt I’m wearing here haha!) Madewell Transport Tote (I also have the zip-top version which I got more recently, and I prefer that version for the added functionality!)  This is one of those outfit formulas that you can really adapt to wear anywhere. If you want to wear it to work, go with a skirt that’s on the longer side–if you want to wear it out for a date or the girls, go with a shorter skirt. The formula is just top, skirt, boots–that’s it! The only thing you want to ensure is that there’s still a BIT of skin showing in between the top of the boot and the bottom of the skirt, otherwise you’ll look a little frumpy.   J.Crew Sophie Blazer (TTS) Everlane relaxed silk button down–TTS, Corduroy mini skirt, Blondo waterproof suede boots (mine are from a couple years ago but these are similar! This is one of the outfits from my Fall Capsule Wardrobe – if you haven’t seen it yet, you’ll definitely want to download my free 30 Days of Outfits guide! This is a polished look that is great for the office. Of course, if you work in a more conservative environment, you may need a skirt that’s a bit longer–but again, look at this outfit as a formula, not quite so literally! That said, I would HIGHLY recommend both the Everlane silk button down and J.Crew Sophie blazer to add into your workwear rotation (you’ll wear them a ton outside of work, too!)   Similar black turtleneck, leather leggings–I also love this pair! (If you’re in between sizes go with the larger size). Blondo waterproof suede boots (mine are from a couple years ago but these are similar! Old earrings–but similar here! Forgive the Christmas tree in the background of these next couple outfits, haha! They were from my NYE outfit ideas post (but definitely check it out for lot’s of Date Night outfit ideas across the board!)  I think this is the perfect outfit for a night out when you want to be comfy, casual, but still stylish! I think OTK boots with leggings are like PB&J–you just want to make sure that you’re wearing suede boots with faux leather–leather on leather will look too intense.   BlankNYC Moto jacket, coated denim mini skirt (TTS), Blondo waterproof suede boots (mine are from a couple years ago but these are similar! Another outfit from my non sequined NYE outfit ideas post – one of my best style tips: When in doubt, add a suede moto jacket. It adds a great twist to any outfit. Remember the Juxtaposition rule? This is a great example of that.   Similar wrap bodysuit, Coated denim mini skirt (TTS), similar cardigan, Blondo waterproof suede boots (mine are from a couple years ago but these are similar! On the contrary, if you want to dress down an outfit, add a chunky cardigan! The Juxaposition rule wins again ?Notice how this is actually the same outfit as Outfit #1 above–it just looks and feels completely different because I’m wearing a casual, chunky cardigan instead of a leather jacket! Tricky tricky, right? This is a great example of an outfit you could pack on vacation and go from day to night with just a change of layers.   Blondo waterproof suede boots (mine are from a couple years ago but these are similar! Similar cashmere sweater here and here. Corduroy mini skirt, Plaid scarf (looks like Burberry but is $30!!) I LOVE mixing hues of brown/tan and black together. (Can you tell?! Haha!) This is no exception. This look is perfect for so many different occasions from day to night. (Which is why some form of this outfit is almost always packed with me on trips!)   Blondo waterproof suede boots (mine are from a couple years ago but these are similar! Plaid scarf (looks like Burberry but is $30!!) black leather leggings, Black Barbour coat–other colors available here!  I think a lot of times, we can feel like leather leggings are a bit too edgy, trendy, or just “too much”–but this outfit is a good example of how to make them feel preppy instead of trendy. The OTK boots are the perfect footwear of choice (plus, they’re really warm, haha!)   Leith ruched t-shirt dress (I’m wearing a small here–if I wanted it tighter I would’ve gone XS, FYI, for size reference) They come in a TON of colors, sleeveless and with sleeves, and regular and plus size! Similar blush jacket (this one is old but this is the new version! Runs TTS!) Very similar OTK boots on sale here for $77!! Beret If you do not yet own this dress, do yourself a favor and go snag it right now! You’ll wear it for SO many occasions, all year long. From date nights with heels to baby showers with flats to running errands with sneakers–this dress does it all. It especially looks cute with some OTK boots and a leather jacket. You guys often ask me for ideas on stylish outfits you can wear to more conservative occasions (like showers, church, etc) and this is definitely one of them!   Very similar OTK boots on sale here for $77! Similar grey cardigan here,  Abercrombie skinny jeans (run TTS!), Chanel purse, old scarf.  Sometimes the best thing to pair with your OTK boots is good old fashioned, classic skinny jeans, a t-shirt, and a sweater! It’s a combination you can always count on, and one that will always be polished!   Very similar OTK boots on sale here for $77! Similar sweater dress here, and here!  Sadly this sweater dress is very old (linked a couple similar above) but I think OTK boots and a dress are always a fool proof combo. You know what I’m going to say (because I’ve said it a lot above) just make sure the hemline is above the boots and that there’s a bit of skin showing through in between–otherwise it will feel frumpy! You can honestly make this look work with ANY dress!  Very similar OTK boots on sale here for $77! White Madewell jeans (run TTS! The best white jeans!), old top from LOFT, but if you’re looking for a cute floral top I lovethis one , this one, and this one –they’re all on sale and and they would all look super cute with this outfit!  And for seasons like this one, where you are DYING to wear something springy but it’s still freezing outside–I offer up this outfit combination to steal. Tan over the knee boots with with white jeans and a floral top. White jeans always put a fresh feeling spin on any outfit, and it’s a great hack to feel springy and warm at the same time.   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jenny Silva says  February 21, 2019 at 1:33 pm Love this and thanks for posting! I just started wearing them and surprisingly don’t feel like a hooker, lol. #shortgirlproblems. 
Adrina says  February 27, 2019 at 6:29 am Nice article, creative writing is the most important for any social media platform. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Tank Tops, Grey Pumps Shoes, Graphic Hoodies, Trendy Tops and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 24, 2017   Tank: Old, but similar here, here, and obsessed with this Madewell version with buttons down the front. I have them in a few colors and they are one of the most versatile things I own! Jeans: Levi’s Wedgie Jeans–(also come in a darker wash) these are the straight leg but they also have the “wedgie icon” jeans, which have a tapered leg that is slightly more fitted. Shopbop has tons of pairs in stock right now in different washes! Sandals: Everlane Bridge Sandals (come in lot’s of other colors, too!) Bag: Clare V Alice Tote borrowed from Shaheen (also comes in a petite size, which I prefer, because it’s super easy to transition from day to night with a smaller purse!) It’s so cute though and now I reaaallyy want one for myself!  Earrings: c/o Kendra Scott (I’m actually wearing these for my wedding earrings–I had just come from my dress fitting so I still had them on!) Initial necklace: similar here, and here. Sunnies: similar here  Hi guys! Hope you’re having an awesome Thursday! My mom gets into town this afternoon and we have my second dress fitting this evening. (EEEK!) I can’t wait for you guys to see it! Any guesses on what it looks like? I always love hearing all the different ideas people have in their heads. Hehe. You’ll know soon enough! This weekend though, we have a small church ceremony happening at the lake house, so it’ll be a low-key, fun, family weekend! This past week I’ve been trying to get ahead on my posts but honestly have gotten nowhere due to lot’s of wedding to-do’s popping up. I’ve been going to Orange Theory religiously and I had my second appointment with Leah Chavie Skincare Boutique this week as well. I’ll be doing a full post on what treatments I did to prep for the wedding, so if you have questions, make sure to leave them below or message me on Instagram! Shaheen and I shot this outfit after my first dress fitting last Sunday! (I’m actually still wearing my wedding earrings in this photo, haha! They are these earrings from Kendra Scott and are SO PRETTY!) I honestly had no intention of shooting that day, but this is actually one of my most commonly worn outfits, so I thought it was something I should share, you know? This one is really one of my true “uniforms” and it really works for all seasons (just add more layers when needed and swap out the shoes!) Here’s the go-to combo:  I absolutely adore these types of tanks. I have a few in different colors, and I wear them to death. They are so simple, classic, and feminine. They can be casual, or they can be sexy. Basically, anything you want them to be–they’re the chameleon of wardrobes! If you’ve been wondering how to wear high waisted jeans, this is one of the easiest tricks! I love them paired with more edgy jeans especially, because they give just enough sweetness to balance them out. In the fall, I like to layer them underneath a leather jacket (Nordstrom has so many under $200!), or a super cozy wrap (can’t wait to wear this one for fall). They also look great tucked into a suede mini skirt! Shop favorite slip camisoles:    I lovvveeee love love these high waisted jeans. They’re called the wedgie jeans because they’re tight on your butt and make it look REALLY good. They come in two versions, the straight leg (which I’m wearing) and the “icon” which is a little more slim fitting. One note: they look really short on the model, but they aren’t that short on me. I’m 5’6, for reference. The pair I’m wearing run true to size if not a littttle small. They don’t have a ton of give, so if you’re trying to figure out the best size, I’d err on the side of caution and order two sizes, and return the one that doesn’t work! Pay attention to the fit notes on each different pair though, because again, they run differently depending on the wash/type of denim. Anway, I call these my “cool girl jeans” because I feel wayyy cooler whenever I wear them. They’re a really easy way to make a statement, and I don’t think you can say that about a lot of jeans! (BTW, more examples of how to wear high waisted jeans over here.) Shop more Levi’s Wedgie Jeans:    You saw these in Monday’s post, where I mentioned I wear them almost every day. I wasn’t kidding! They’re personally my version of flip flops because I keep them at my door and slip them on whenever I leave the house. (And they’re WAY cuter than flip flops, too :-P) They did require some breaking in, but now they’re super comfy and don’t rub at all. These run true to size, FYI.  Shop more Everlane Bridge Sandals:         P.S. You might also love how to wear high waisted jeans and my two under-eye weapons Filed Under: Outfits, Style Tagged With: chicago fashion blogger, high waisted jeans, high waisted jeans outfit 
Carly | The Clydescope says  August 24, 2017 at 7:49 am Poofy princess dress. Nailed it. 
Tia Perciballi says  August 24, 2017 at 11:38 am I’m picturing an old Hollywood inspired dress! 
Britney Crawley says  August 25, 2017 at 7:36 am Love the detail on the back of your camisole! Such a great go-to look that’s still very put together. Have such a fun weekend! […] Jess rocks high-waisted jeans in this casual look […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop One Pieces Swimwear, Yellow Bikinis, Candles, Grey Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 25, 2014  You know when you find something amazing in the back of your closet that you totally forgot existed? That’s what happened to me the other day with this fringe skirt by BB Dakota. I bought it a two years ago at a boutique in Milwaukee and just re-discovered it again- lingering there, in the back with the summery dresses (which I’m beginning to think will never see the light of day again.) Although many trends come and go, Fringe has always been one that has stuck with me. Maybe it’s because I watch too much Boardwalk Empire and wish I was stuck in the ’20s. Regardless, I still love this skirt and thought it would be fun to jazz it up with this new Sanctuary striped top I picked up at Art Effect in Lincoln Park (yes, same place as this dress). Often times I find that a fresh take on an old piece ends up being one of my favorite outfits!  How do you like to wear your fringe?  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                 Top: Sanctuary, Skirt: BB Dakota (old, similar below), Shoes: Dolce Vita, Necklace: old (similar)       Shop Fringe Benefits:  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And Gold Jewelry, Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Grey Sweatpants, Graphic Sweatshirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 31, 2014  Rebecca Minkoff is a name on everyone’s lips at the moment- mine included! Her designs are uniquely cheeky- a bit of edge, yet ultra feminine and polished at the same time. She has such a great springy pieces that I can’t wait to get my hands on!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 With a ton of them on sale, I’m finding it pretty hard to resist. Here are my favorite picks from both her new Spring line and sale selection. Don’t take my word for it though, check it out for yourself! It’s Friday, you can indulge in a little online shopping.  Happy Weekend!   Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Blue Shoes Flats, Black Heeled Booties, No Heel Wedges and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 18, 2016  Hi guys! Happy long weekend! I hope everyone is having a super relaxing and fun day off. I’m snuggled up on a couch and two cozy blankets at the lake house, and then tomorrow we’re off to Grand Rapids (I’m tagging along with Neal on his work trip because I love that charming little city!) So in case you have the itch for some online shopping while you’re hiding from the cold, I’ve rounded up my favorite sales going on right now!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
    Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  January 18, 2016 at 1:49 pm Great picks! 
Mary Kate says  January 18, 2016 at 2:28 pm This reminds me that I have so much stuff to order! Mary Kate
http://www.mynewchicagolife.com 
Gemini Tauberge says  January 18, 2016 at 9:57 pm yay for sale season! love your picks. milkwhitemoon.blogspot.com 
Ireply says  January 19, 2016 at 8:29 pm I know this was a post from yesterday but I just have to say I think it’s despicable for your post on MLK day to be about sales. I get that there are sales on MLK day but you don’t have to have a whole post about it on the day. Why not do the post on Friday and just go radio silent on Monday. Or better yet on Monday write something about MLK. Use your site and your fan base for some good and take a break from selling people shit they don’t need. The man deserves more respect than that.  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Shoes Flats, Blue Mini Bags, Kate Spade Outlet, Tan Coats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 2, 2015   Top: Old (similar here) // Skirt: c/o J.Crew  (ON SALE!) p.s. I also love this gold version // Shoes: c/o J.Crew (ON SALE! Almost sold out!) Check out the flat version, too! // Bag: Vera Bradley // Tassel necklace: c/o The Happiness Boutique // Initial necklace: Helen Ficalora //Bracelets: Busywrist Happy (almost) holiday weekend! So, seasonal style tip of the day: if you’re not sure what to wear for your 4th of July party–consider more subtle versions of red, white, and blue! (Light grey, and coral paired with navy will also do the trick!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 A funny back story about this shoot, every time Kelly and I shoot at The Waldorf (because it’s beautiful, obviously) it ends up being SO WINDY that one of us (fine. Me, always me) inevitably has a Marilyn Monroe moment. (You guys, this post, it was bad. Real bad. Pretty sure ALL of the Gold Coast saw what color underwear I was wearing that day. But it’s one of my favorite outfits to date. So all in all, totally worth it.) I digress, anyway–this day was no different, but luckily this adorable wrap skirt from J.Crew is a little less flowy, so the embarrassment was kept to a minimum. (The things I do for good photos, you guys.) Regardless, the most important thing to take away from this post is that J.Crew is having a MAJOR SALE right now, and you can get most of the items from this post at major discount! Just remember to enter code LONGWEEKEND for up to 60% off!  
 Shop the post:   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop High Waist Flare Pants, Black Graphic Tees, Black Clutches, Blue Cocktail Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 16, 2016   Sweater Dress: Vila Sweater Dress via Asos // Shoes: (c/o) Madewell ‘The Alena’ Sandals in Dotted Calfhair // Clutch: GiGi New York // Hair: curled with a Beachwaver Curling Iron // Bracelet: J.Crew // Watch: Shinola ‘Runwell’ watch 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  I have to admit, I have been a little excited about the sporadic “fall” weather we’ve been having lately. As sad as I am to see summer go, I really do love autumn, too. It’s when Neal and I started dating, and it will always hold a special place in my heart.  Not to mention, MY FUTURE WEDDING ANNIVERSARY. (!!!!!) Anyway. That “fall” weather I was referencing above? It was nowhere to be found when we shot this outfit. It was actually 90 degrees, humid as HELL and the term “sweater” applies in more ways than one. HA! (But it makes looking at these photos even more funny, right? Do you like when I tell you all the funny behind the scenes stuff or does it ruin it for you? ;-P)   Luckily it’s cooled down a bit since then, making it perfect weather to throw on this comfy sweater dress–which is, in my opinion, a great closet staple that makes for some super easy, cute fall outfits. I also think this pretty burnt orange sweater is the definition of Fall. Strangely, I never actually buy anything this color, but I really should. I’m always drawn to corals in the summer, so it makes sense to transition into the fall version when the temperatures start dropping! The best part about this cute fall outfit is that this dress is a ste-alll (it’s just $36!) You’ll also recognize these sandals from Madewell I’ve been wearing non-stop. The chunky heel makes them so comfortable, and I love how well they transition from day to night. (They’re coming to Charleston with me too!)  Speaking of chunky heels–I got this text from my best friend Courtney the other day:  “Keys.” (All my pre-adulthood friends call me by my last name) “Are chunky heels in? They’re so comfortable but I don’t know if they’re cool or not.” If you’re also wondering, like Courtney–YES. I full embrace the chunky heel. Buy some and get lot’s of wear out of them before those awful skinny heels come back around. (Your feet with thank you.)  Anyway–moving on. I never would’ve thought to pair a grey clutch with this outfit, but Blair is constantly inspiring me  It totally works! I’m going to play around with mixing my neutrals a lot more now! I love the tassel detail on this purse.  This weekend I’m heading to Charleston, SC for my friend Ally’s bachelorette party! If you’ve been following me for a little while, you know that Neal whisked me off to Charleston right after he proposed! (You can read our engagement story and see photos here!) I don’t know how anything can ever top that weekend again, but it’s going to be so surreal returning this time with my goofiest college BFF’s. We’ll be staying on (in?) Isle of Palms, so we’ll be getting some beach time in too. (Just cross your fingers for sunny weather!)         Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristina Anderson says  September 16, 2016 at 7:43 am I love a good sweater dress. Enjoy your weekend!! Kristina does the Internets 
Alyssa J Freitas says  September 16, 2016 at 9:36 am I do enjoy when you share the stories behind outfit posts! So much more fun and relatable that way  
Blair @ The Fox & She says  September 16, 2016 at 9:39 am haha ‘sweater’ yea… we were the sweaters! haha! i love this look and have so much fun this weekend  
Niki says  September 16, 2016 at 12:24 pm I love the color of the sweater!  And I’ve totally been there…I once shot a Fall lookbook on a 90 degree day…Lol #BlogLife 
Jenn Lake says  September 17, 2016 at 12:31 pm Love this cozy look, lady! 
Aoife Laughlin says  September 19, 2016 at 8:48 am You look incredible! Seriously in love with those shoes. 
Taylor Martin says  September 19, 2016 at 3:26 pm I love this dress and you really cannot beat that price! Do you mind me asking what size you’re wearing and if the fabric is itchy at all? 
Blogging For Keeps says  September 19, 2016 at 3:28 pm Hi Taylor! (Sorry, I’m signed into Disqus on the Blogging For Keeps account but wanted to answer your q’s! ;-P) I’m wearing a size Small in the sweater and it really doesn’t bother me itch-wise. Of course a sweater dress never feels like a cotton dress, but it really is very comfortable considering how budget-friendly it is!! 
JoanaLoner says  September 19, 2016 at 4:35 pm WOWZAS 
Ashlee says  September 19, 2016 at 9:11 pm This dress looks so comfy!  I would usually never pick out something this color, but it looks so cute on you!  Might have to give it a try for fall!  – Ashlee
http://www.cobaltchronicles.com 
Megan R. says  September 24, 2016 at 12:27 am I just ordered this dress because ???!!! Thanks for the inspiration, Jess! I’m ridiculously excited for fall! ?  
Jane Genuine says  July 12, 2018 at 5:45 am I love the color of that dress, it’s so cute. Just for the sake of conversation, you know, there are a lot of cute dresses at https://www.limelush.com that you might want to see. 
Jennifer Lukas says  April 30, 2019 at 10:12 am Hi! How do the shoes fit? Debating getting a pair from poshmark… normally I’m a 9 but in Madewell sandals sometimes size up to a 9.5… do you think that’s necessary in these? […] Blogger love of the week: How gorgeous does Jess look in this orange sweater dress! I love the unexpected color combo of orang… […] […] Original outfit post here  […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Soludos Espadrilles, Black Pj Sets, Brown Flats, Black Wedge Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 28, 2015  
Coat season is officially upon us, you guys! I know I’ll bite my tongue in a month or so, but I’m pretty excited about the opportunity to pull on some of my very favorite coats, especially my pink one! I purchased it years ago and wear it on repeat every year. You wouldn’t think a pink coat would very practical, but it’s surprisingly neutral and adds such a polished, girly touch to everything!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

If you’re on the hunt for some new outerwear, here are 10 of  my very favorite coats to add into your rotation. (There’s even–gasp–a puffy down coat that’s actually cute.)        Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Nicolette says  October 28, 2015 at 9:59 am Can I have them all? Really loving the pink, plaid and sleeveless wool choices! Nicolette | The Magnolia Girls 
Amanda Pooley says  October 28, 2015 at 10:50 am The J. Crew Cocoon Coat is on sale right now for 25% off! 
Melanie Beatus says  October 28, 2015 at 4:59 pm Too funny – I just bought the J.Crew coat in tan two weeks ago! Love it!! 
Maggie says  October 29, 2015 at 9:21 am I love that jacquard knit coat! Love them all! http://www.maggiealamode.com 
Alias ThePoster says  October 29, 2015 at 12:23 pm You’d look amazing in all 10 coats! 
Tomi Obebe says  November 2, 2015 at 9:12 pm I’ve been thinking of adding a camel coat to the wardrobe! I’m totally obsessed with it right now. –
goodtomicha.com […] Now for some Fall fashion. I can’t go a week without checking in on Jess of The Golden Girl Blog and this week she had a great post for something I am in need of!! A Fall winter coat. I am not always on top of my Fashion trends but I love that this week she gave me (yes me, cause it’s like she speaks to me on her blog) 10 Must Have Fall Coats.  […] […] Now for some Fall fashion. I can’t go a week without checking in on Jess of The Golden Girl Blog and this week she had a great post for something I am in need of!! A Fall winter coat. I am not always on top of my Fashion trends but I love that this week she gave me (yes me, cause it’s like she speaks to me on her blog) 10 Must Have Fall Coats. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sweaters And Cardigans, Black Heel Booties, White Gowns, Lariats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 2, 2017   **Click above to play video!**  Can you believe it is our LAST post of our very October’s Capsule Wardrobe Remix!? Yes, I understand it is now NOVEMBER but the beginning of the week was October, you guys, so it still counts. ? As you probably know by now, I’ve been in San Francisco all week! (Sorry about the late posting times, by the way–for some reason my post scheduler is acting up and it isn’t posting them on time, and I don’t realize it until I wake up more than two hours behind everyone! This time change, man, it gets me!) Anyway, I’m really excited to share four cute ways to wear boyfriend jeans with you today! Often, I think boyfriend jeans get a lot of “tomboy ” rap, but they can actually be really feminine and classic too! Keep on scrollin’–(scrollinnn on the riivverrrr. Why did it take me so long to think of this reference?!?! BTW that’s a GREAT karaoke song.) First, let’s go over the capsule wardrobe items that I used to create these looks. Remember, these are all pulled from October’s Capsule Wardrobe Remix Item List that you can find here! (21 items total, and over the last four weeks, I’ve shown you how to style them 15 different ways in these posts! Also, stay tuned for next week when I’ll unveil NOVEMBER’s items! Yay!) Boyfriend jeans: First thing’s first, why boyfriend jeans?  I chose to include two pairs of jeans in this capsule: classic skinny jeans, and today’s hero–boyfriend jeans, because they offer two very different looks. If you’re looking to make your outfit look more chic and trendy, I think boyfriend jeans are an excellent way to do it. I recently got this pair from Everlane that I love. (Note: pay attention to sizing tips on their site! These are a little big on me. So size down if you want them to big a little more form-fitting/sit higher up on the waist.) The fit of boyfriend jeans can really vary from one pair to another. I’d recommend looking for a pair that is still a bit fitted. You still want to be able to see your waist–nobody should ever look like they’re wearing paper bag jeans! Other reader recommended boyfriend jeans: Topshop Lucas Jeans and the Topshop Mom Jeans (offer a similar look) Citizens of Humanity Liya Jeans (Splurge!) and Old Navy’s boyfriend jeans, AND some dark horses you guys–Abercrombie and American Eagle’s boyfriend jeans as well! (Who knew? I guess I need to check those oldies but goodies out again!)  Black pumps: I’ve owned this particular pair of Sam Edelman pumps for years. They’re slingbacks, and they’ve since been discontinued, but this pair is super similar in the d’Orsay style. This ankle strap version is adorable, too! I love Sam Edelman shoes (Nordstrom has a good selection and Shopbop’s selection is also diverse and totally different) They’re one of my go-to brands for footwear. Heeled Booties: I chose one pair of booties that are light tan in color–the reason for this is because tan and/or light grey are probably the most versatile color you can choose in a pair of booties! Additionally, something with a low heel will allow you to wear them both day and night seamlessly. Not to mention, actually be able to walk in them! These booties by 1.State go with everything I own, they are SO comfy, and are only $99! I love the shape of the toe. Plus, the fact that they’re cut out in the back too adds a little more visual interest! Because of the shape and color, they also help to elongate your leg, which is hard to find in a bootie, as most of the time they can cut you off at the ankles and make your legs look stubby! Another pair I own are these Dolce Vita Cassius booties, which are similar but more sleek, minimalistic, and classic. (This similar pair is also on sale for $98!) Striped tee: I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again–when in doubt, choose a layer with stripes! I’ve found that classic black and white stripes add a lot more visual interest to your outfit than just a standard grey or white t-shirt. Plus, they look really cute mixed with other patterns, like leopard, or plaid! Again, mine featured here is old but this one is basically the exact same! I also love the striped “Perfect Tee” from J.Crew! White button down: Often, the classic white button down gets forgotten about once you’ve moved past that “first office job post college” phase–and it’s a shame! White button downs are one of my favorite layers all year round. They look adorable with jean shorts and just as cute layered under sweaters, over leather leggings, or tucked into boyfriend jeans. If you’re looking to look polished and classy but still chic and on-trend, this is one of the easiest ways to do it! Silk tank: You’ve seen me live in these this past summer–and I use the term “silk” loosely–honestly, any thin, flowy camisole will do the trick. Everlane makes some especially beautiful ones! I also love this burgundy one for only $29! I also just got this lace-trim camisole and it is to DIE for. So beautiful and really great for layering or all by itself. Chunky cardigan: Another one you got a little glimpse of a few outfit posts back–this sweater by Free People–40% off right now! (I also love this similar one) is so soft and cozy it’s to-die for! Cardigans are essentials in the fall and winter. You can easily throw them on over whatever you’re wearing. This one is great to keep at your desk or pull on when you wake up on a cool October morning! (Or…January morning, let’s be real. Haha!) Leather jacket: I now own two leather jackets–one brown and one black. The black one is my newest addition and I don’t know what took me so long to get one! I definitely love both colors and I think whichever color is best for you just depends on your preferences. The one I feature this month is sadly sold out but this one from Bernardo is similar and on sale! Bernardo makes a ton of really quality leather jackets that constantly get good reviews–you can shop all their jackets here. BlankNYC also makes super cute ones that are really affordable. Leopard clutch: For the same reasons as I sing the praises of the leopard loafer, I love this leopard clutch. (Nordstrom actually has a TON of different leopard clutches right now!) I’m a huge fan of it for going out because it brightens up even the most basic outfit. Plus, it’s such a steal for less than $50 and it looks and feels like the designer version. Leather tote: The Madewell Transport tote making the capsule wardrobe cut comes as a shock to absolutely none of you, I am sure. It’s my everything bag. Work, travel, groceries–whatever, this is always the bag I’m reaching for and it comes in several styles and colors as well. Crossbody: I was so on the fence when I purchased this crossbody (it’s Rebecca Minkoff’s ‘Love’ bag in size small!) as to whether or not I would wear it, but I’d have to say it’ snow become one of my most reached for bags. I really love the fact that it’s olive, which is a neutral, but a really fun mix-up from the typical tan or grey. Although my exact version is no longer available, this one is nearly identical, just slightly larger!      A slinky camisole has been my go-to for date night for many years. It’s sexy without being overly obvious, and I like the contrast of a beautiful, feminine top with a boyfriend jean. It’s upscale meets casual, feminine vs. tomboy. I often find that when you juxtapose two contrasting styles is when you end up with the most interesting outfit. Throw a leather jacket over your shoulders and cuff your jeans to show a bit of ankle in between your booties, and you’ve got a great date night look that is dressy-casual, without trying too hard!       On those days where you want to get dressed because you don’t want to be a complete slob, but you want to be comfy while catching up on a book and having your coffee, boyfriend jeans, your comfiest tee, and a cozy cardigan are the essentials to reach for. You’ll also notice that I’m styling this three in the remaining two looks as well–because I think a striped tee is just as versatile as boyfriend jeans are! (Also, you can buy my cute mug that Cassandra made here!)      So, you know how I talked about mixing styles above? The same is true here. I love the look of a pretty, sleek pump mixed with tomboyish boyfriend jeans, the fancy, mixed with the casual. It’s unexpected, and I think that’s what makes this look work so well!       I’m really channeling my inner Jenna Lyons here. The great thing about a button-down is that it can serve as both an under layer (wear it under a crewneck with the collar sticking out, or a cardigan!) AND an OVER layer! I love it thrown on over a striped tee. Again, I think the word of the day for this post is “juxtaposition”. The more formal look of the white button down and pumps, paired with the casual elements of the tee and boyfriend jeans are just the trick to creating a really cool and polished outfit. This works so great for the office (whether your office has a more casual dress code, or if they don’t, hopefully they let you dress down on Fridays!) Also, to add more interest to your tote bag, it’s always fun to tie a silk scarf around it! P.S. If you missed any of our previous Capsule Wardrobe Remix posts for this month, make sure to check them out here! Photos by Cassandra  Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Outfits, Style  
Taylor Cannon says  November 3, 2017 at 7:32 am Loving these capsule posts and tutorials, Jess! So helpful to learn how to make the most of certain pieces!
Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  November 3, 2017 at 7:51 am I have loved every single one of these posts, can’t wait to see the November version! 
Kelly Lynn says  November 3, 2017 at 8:44 am I love these posts! I have purchased so many of your recs. My favorite above is definitely date night! I LOVE the jacket & the cami. BUT I would probably find myself wearing the cozy morning style most. Thanks for doing these! I read these capsule posts and realize how much work must go into it! We appreciate it! 
Diana Pearl says  November 3, 2017 at 10:34 am I’m dying for those Everlane jeans! Loved this series.  x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Oriana says  July 17, 2018 at 1:02 pm Links are outdated I assume but gotta ask – is the button down the everlane box shirt? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heels, Black Chokers, Pink Flat Shoes, Silver Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 22, 2018   Sweater: Madewell Wearing XS, Runs TTS–I also love this mock-neck sweater in the same pretty blush color! Shop more Madewell here–I love buying it on Shopbop bc super fast free shipping! ??) If you love the faux wrap style but want a different color, this version is so pretty and a great price–it comes in grey, oatmeal, and a pretty orangey-brown spice color! This Topshop version is similar and a cashmere blend for extra softness! White jeans: Madewell (I FINALLY FOUND AMAZING NON SEE THROUGH WHITE JEANS! HUZZAH! Run TTS!) Oxfords: c/o Everlane (come in so many colors! Run small and narrow!) Scarf: Madewell–they have so many cute ones, I’m rounding up more favorites below! Trench: London Fog (runs a big large, wearing XS)–it’s one of my favorite purchases ever! The removable liner makes it extra warm, and I love that the hood is detachable. (They also have a single-breasted version, it’s on sale!) LOFT also has the cutest trench right now as well as Abercrombie! Lipstick: RMS beauty’s “RMS red“–one of my favorite brands for lipstick! They’re an awesome clean beauty brand and their lipstick is the perfect mix of matte and non-drying, too! Happy Thursday! (But isn’t it great that it only feels like Wednesday?!) Guess what I’m doing today? I’m getting acupuncture for the first time! ? I’m really excited–Leah, my skincare guru (mention my name and get 20% off your first service!) introduced me to Suzie, who does acupuncture out of her medical spa. Suzie specializes in Japanese Facial Rejuvenation, which from what I understand is some type of anti-aging acupuncture that reverses fine lines and signs of aging. She’s also doing some facial mapping to help me figure out why I keep breaking out on the right side of my face. VERY INTRIGUED. Will report back. Anyway, another thing I’m excited about–sharing these photos from our trip to Dallas today! My friend Ali from high school lives there (and also has an adorable blog that you need to follow called A Dash of Details!) and we grabbed lunch at Bird Bakery last Wednesday and it was SO. CUTE. It was also such beautiful springy weather (you know, sunny, warm, but chilly enough to where you still need a sweater?) We sat outside on their patio and split sandwiches and bowls of their amazing tomato soup–it was heaven! We’re also in for more of that “sunny and springy but not exactly warm” weather in Chicago later this week and next (YES! Anything-but-puffer weather, I will take!) I am absolutely desperate for any bit of warmth I can get this time of year, so you can say I’m an expert at this whole in-between-winter-and-spring-weather, thing ? If you’re looking for some inspiration in this, “what the heck do I wear?” time of year, read on my for my tips! My favorite trick for when my wardrobe is feeling a bit “bleh” is to simply swap out my current dark skinny jeans for white ones! No matter what you pair them with, they really do go a long way in “brightening up” your outfit. (Seriously, even with a BLACK sweater, it feels like you’re wearing a bit of sunshine!) I searched high and low for WEEKS with no luck–Abercrombie’s white jeans were see through with FAKE pockets. (Who wants fake pockets?!) then I tried Citizen of Humanity’s (another brand I love) but they were just frumpy, ill-fitting, and again–see through! Why can you always see the pockets of white jeans? It makes no sense. Well, I finally turned to you guys on Instagram stories (WHY didn’t I ask you to begin with?) and so many of you told me that Madewell’s white jeans were the real deal. (J.Crew’s were a close second!) Let me tell you, you guys were RIGHT. I absolutely adore these jeans! They’re high-waisted, not remotely see through, and while this sounds impossible for white jeans–they’re actually insanely flattering! I love that they aren’t too thin but aren’t too thick, they’ve got a bit of stretch so they hug all the right curves–really, they’re just that good. And if you’ve been looking for a pair for awhile, you need to bite the bullet and get these ones! As soon as I saw this pretty sweater online, I knew it had to be mine! I’ve been loving the faux-wrap trend I’ve been seeing lately. I think it’s really flattering (a v-neck is the most flattering neckline for virtually every woman of any bust-size– it elongates the neck and draws your eye down to define the waist!) and I think a sweater with a deep V is a lot easier to dress up because it can be made a little bit sexy! (But don’t worry, it’s not TOO low to where you couldn’t wear it to work!) My favorite part about it though, is the color–it’s colorful but not insanely bright. It’s in between a bright coral and a pastel coral, and felt perfect to wear this time of year whenever I needed a pick-me-up! You guys know how much I love Everlane, and I’ve gotten a lot of wear out of these oxfords for a couple years now! I love that they’re a lighter color, which really goes a long way to just brighten up any outfit you pair them with. I always associated dark with winter and light with spring, so even just a simple swap from dark to light footwear can make a difference in your outfit! I first purchased my trench coat before my trip to London last year, and I have gotten SO much wear out of it for every season! It’s so classic, so classy, and is not only beautiful but also super functional–it’s water resistant, has a removable liner (that adds quite a bit of warmth) as well as a removable hood! Sizing: Runs big, size down. Wearing XS. In the winter, I’m always drawn to black, cream, and camel. Those are my winter colors, and it’s very apparent when you look at my accessories. But right around this time, I really crave a bit of color and I’m dying to bust out my spring clothing (even when it’s too cold to actually wear anything other than sweaters and long pants ?) I find that a happy medium is to turn to some colorful accessories–in this case, it was a new bandana with a fun pop of orange, and a bright orangey-red lipstick!            Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Erin | Rosewood Runway says  February 22, 2018 at 7:47 am These are great tips. I always get antsy for spring colors this time of year too! 
Lisa says  February 22, 2018 at 8:35 am LOVE this outfit, Jess! That sweater is so pretty, and the color is perfect for this weird in-between season.I’ve been living in my trench coat lately–I definitely agree that it’s a spring wardrobe must-have! 
Mel says  February 22, 2018 at 11:23 am I can’t get over how cute this outfit is! You have a talent  
Ali says  February 22, 2018 at 12:08 pm Oh that picture of me cheesin’ hard! ? I think you need to plan your next trip already! Xox- Ali […] Source: The Golden Girl  […] […] Source: The Golden Girl  […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Up Dresses, Blue Blouses, Embellished Sandals, Designer Gowns On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 13, 2012   Blue striped tank. See similar here   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I’m on a boat! Snag these at Target while you can!   Gold bangles: Forever 21. Chain link bracelet: Jcrew (but this one’s from ebay!) Watch: My grandmother’s Gold Sperry shoes. (I guess I should say “boat shoes” because you know I’m all about a great knockoff) They’ve been on my list for awhile now, and when I passed these at Target over my lunch break I decided to take the plunge (no pun intended). I know- who buys boat shoes at the very end of the summer? But really, these are a staple and a necessary buy. I’ll find some way to transition them into fall. Here I’ve paired them with a nautical striped tank and my go-to arm party (note Granny’s gold vintage watch as the newest addition). Shocking, I know. Two of my latest wardrobe newbies are gold. Some things will never change.  Filed Under: Style  
Mindy Erazo says  September 18, 2012 at 11:58 pm Your gold boat shoes are great! Very cute.  xxM.E. http://mindyerazo.blogspot.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses, Blue Heels Shoes, Wedge Sandals, Rebecca Taylor Blouses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 28, 2017   Hiii again! Popping back over here today because the Shopbop Buy More Save More sale went live this morning and in case you’re in the market to update your wardrobe for spring, I wanted to round up a select few favorites that you can’t miss! The more you purchase, the more you save–so now is a great time to stock up for warmer weather.  (Tip: go in on your order with a friend or two and save a bunch!) (By the way, one more thing, sorry these don’t all have the “shop the post” function–there’s some funky stuff goin’ on with the internet today, so as soon as that’s fixed, I’ll pop back in with more photos so you can see everything before you click through! I know you guys loved when I did that last time, so sorry for the inconvenience!) I brought this to Mexico and it was the best dress ever. You can wear it as a cover up or out to dinner. It’s really versatile and comes in about 100 colors! (Ok, not 100, but like, 10.) Shop them all here. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I love, love, Ray Bans. Between Neal and I we probably own 10 pairs. They have a ton of variations on sale, both the classic aviators as well as the round version (they come with rose gold frames too!) and the classic Wayfarers! Shop them all here.  (Outfit post coming soon!)    I just got these J.Brand Maria Skinny Jeans (I have the “Bluebird” wash and the white jeggings!) and I love them. Seriously such flattering jeans! I’ve worn J.Brand for years and they’re definitely worth the investment–I rarely notice them on sale, so snap ’em up while you can!  Check out Instagram stories for a sneak peak of tomorrow’s post, where I’m wearing this one-piece, that also happens to be on sale. This runs true to size, but if you’re in-between sizes, order both and return one! (Free shipping both ways! Yay!) You know those really cute striped one pieces that are so hot right now, too? Those are also included! I’ve been eyeing this beautiful trench from Club Monaco, it’s absolutely beautiful, and a great mix-up from a more structured trench! How pretty is the color, too?  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   WAHOO! Hunters on sale. I always kick myself when they go on sale because I bought mine full price. They have the Original Tour matte green, matte black (what I have!), glossy black, refined black, and the chelsea black boots all fully stocked! They also have boot socks included in the sale as well!   If you’re more of a Duck Boot than a Hunter girl, you’ll also be pleased to know Sperry’s Saltwater Duck Boots are included in the sale too. I love this fun color combo! This sounds weird but I don’t own sweatpants. I mean, I own HEINOUS sweatpants from college, but not cute ones. I LOVE this pair and they’re so affordable at $38! *Adds to cart*   I’m kind of dying over these. I’ve been wanting another pair of loafers and I love the blush color of these AND they’re mules. Win win. *Adds to cart AGAIN* Not a week goes by where I don’t use this bag. It’s my go-to bag for work and for travel. It’s really well-made, and I get so many compliments on it! They come in a ton of different colors, and you can shop them all right here!   (Okay okay, yes, this is 11, not 10–this is a late addition, but I couldn’t not add it!!)  I am IN LOVE with this ruffle top by Club Monaco and was so excited when I saw it was part of the sale too! It’s so versatile too, you can wear it any season! (P.S. This is a sneak peak one of my outfit posts from LA shot with the lovely Julie of Velvet & Popcorn–coming soon!)    Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White And Blue Dresses, Black Wedge Shoes, Printed Sweaters, Grey Coats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 8, 2019     Happy Wednesday guys! I thought it was about time to update my Girls Night Chicago post, because it’s one of the most frequently requested topics I from local and out of town readers alike!  Chicago has no shortage of great spots for girls night–or shortage of spots for ANY occasion for that matter. I’m sharing my giant list of favorites below–(great for girls nights, date nights, whatever!) but first, let’s talk about what to WEAR to girls night–yes? (The short answer: this little midi from Nordstrom–but we’ll get more into that in a second!)  I always get asked from my gals visiting Chicago–“What do I bring to wear to dinner!?” My answer: Literally anything. ? Chicago is very laid back, casual place. I can’t think of any restaurant or bar where you’d be out of place wearing flats or jeans. (I mean, I guess if you were going clubbing it might be odd to wear jeans and sneakers…but, even still. I think you’d be fine! ?)  Chicago people are REALLY nice. Nobody is judging you or paying attention to what you’re wearing–so, if you’re visiting from out of town and are stressing over what to pack–you don’t need to worry!  A pair of straight leg crops (usually Levi’s Wedgie jeans) with a camisole and moto jacket, or a comfortable, feminine dress. The latter of which we’re going to get into today. ? I recently ordered this linen midi dress from Nordstrom, and it is the PERFECT girls night dress. (Or date night. Or anything night.)  It’s from one of my favorite budget-friendly brands, BP, and it also comes in black. BP is one of Nordstrom’s exclusive in-house brands, much like Treasure and Bond, Caslon, and Halogen, to name a few favorites–I can always count on these brands being quality, versatile, without a crazy price tag! ?? I’ve been getting a lot more into midi length skirts and dresses lately because the length is always appropriate, they’re feminine and on-trend without being “trendy”–and let’s be honest, they’re really comfortable. ?This one also comes in black, but I went for the mustard because I thought it was a great color for Spring and Summer that will also be versatile for fall–especially styled with this purse–I love the tortoise details! ?(This would look so cute with a chunky cardigan and neutral booties come September!) A note for petite girls: FYI–Nordstrom does free basic alterations for ANY purchase! I often hear from petite gals that midi dresses are too long for them–so I just wanted to share that tip! Yet another reason to love Nordstrom! ? Here are a few different ways I’d style this dress depending on the setting:   I love these wedges (you first saw them here!) because they’re comfortable, versatile, dressy but not TOO dressy–making them the perfect heel for pretty much any Chicago girls night dinner scene. (Remember, comfort is key, you know, in case you end up at Howl at the Moon. ?) Run TTS.      Honestly, I would wear this outfit to any dinner in Chicago. What I love about these slides is that they’re flats, but still polished. So often, flats can be super casual, but these are a little more dressy. Plus, they’re actually comfortable, which is essential for me in the summer because I walk EVERYWHERE! Sandals run TTS.   If it gets chilly, pull on a neutral colored moto or leather jacket, which adds warmth while still being polished. If you’re going more casual, a jean jacket (I have this one from J.Crew!) would also be adorable here. If you can get away with wearing open toes to work, I think these flats are perfect for the office, again, because they’re more polished than your average flat!       For super casual patio nights, you can dress this midi down with casual slides (these are super comfy!) or–of course–my favorite sneakers! (Note: A lot of you always say you don’t know how to pull off sneakers with dresses–you need a classic, minimal sneaker in order to do it–and this pair is perfect, and SO comfortable! These run TTS. The jean jacket is the most casual of layers and pulls the look together perfectly. Runs a teeny bit on the small side, FYI.   —  Okay, so, now that you have some thought starters on what to wear–let’s talk about where to GO! Here are a bunch of my favorite restaurants for girls dinner, or honestly, dinner for pretty much any occasion! I’ve categorized them by neighborhood and also linked to their google map location so you can save them for future reference!  Shop this post:    I can’t believe it took me so long to get to Etta. It’s in my neighborhood! It’s ideal for a girls dinner because the plates are meant to be shared. (Why do men hate sharing? ? The bucatini cacio e pepe is literally one of the best things I’ve tasted since I left Italy. Don’t miss the homemade focaccia with ricotta too. (Lauren and Mina say not to miss the bubbling shrimp, but I don’t like seafood so I can’t comment on that, haha!) Oh, also, you have to order the Cassanova di Neri “Irroso” wine. It’s the most amazing summer red–slightly chilled–it’s got a tiny bit of effervescence and is so light–you’ll go through multiple bottles with a group. ? The Robey is one of my absolute favorite spots in the city. Their downstairs cafe has something for everyone–it’s amazing for brunch (although I have not had dinner here, the dinner menu looks great too!) They have a lounge on the second floor which is fun and swanky for cocktails, and a rooftop deck which fills up fast, but worth the wait (you can put your name in and wait in the second floor lounge until a spot is available!) No trip here is complete without a girls pic with the skyline in the back! (Even if it’s cold, they still have an indoor/enclosed portion, so it’s awesome year round!) I’ve been to this spot twice–it’s so much fun! It’s the most beautiful boho-eclectic decor you’ve ever seen, and  American/fusion will be a hit with your girlfriends. I’ve only had dinner but I believe they also have brunch!  If you want a fun atmosphere, outdoor seating and super cheap eats–big star is your bet! You’ll have to wait a long time for a table (they don’t take resos) but there are plenty of places around to go and have a drink while you wait! Full disclosure I think their food has gone downhill, but it’s still good for the atmosphere alone!  Another budget-friendly favorite–amazing cuban food, BYOB, and they make your bottle of wine into the most delicious sangria you’ve ever tasted! This is one of me and Neal’s favorite spots as well–I don’t think there’s anyone who won’t love this place! (They have two locations too!)  BYOB but it doesn’t feel like a standard BYOB sushi restaurant! It’s really good even for non sushi lovers! One spot that I frequent for both girls nights and date nights. You can’t beat this charming Italian American spot that’s been around for decades. It’s basically an Italian diner with really great martinis.  Speaking of trying new things, if you love Korean BBQ but want a slightly more upscale (re: not divey) setting––you will love this place. We did a big birthday dinner here for Neal for his 31st and it was great. We just went again and took our friend who was visiting––I think it’s perfect for a girls night because it’s really fun (you grill your own meat!) and good for big groups!  Ok so I’ve actually never been here BUT have been dying to go–my girlfriends who live in Logan are always at this spot and I always get FOMO. It’s highly instagrammable with an amazing outdoor space! They’ve got a menu of shared plates and craft cocktails with charming vintage decor. A Humboldt Park institution, they just opened another location in Lincoln Park, which has a much bigger indoor area, but the biggest draw here is the patio, their frozen boozy Negroni slushies, and of course, delicious fried chicken. Super casual and really fun atmosphere! The name says it all–it’s summer year round at this spot. You really feel like you’re in Southern California, and the food is really awesome! Great for brunch, lunch or dinner! Their next door spot, Stella Barra, is awesome as well! I may be biased about this place because I lived across the street for three years, but this has always been one of my favorite restaurants in the city. They have a cute little sidewalk patio in the summer months–the decor is beautiful, and the food and cocktails are ALWAYS good. Get the short rib or steak frites! Both are to die for. I also recommend this for a date night spot–it’s very dark and candlelit so it’s very romantic, but the portions are huge (perfect for splitting with girlfriends) and it’s BYOB, which makes it very budget-friendly. Your girlfriends will appreciate the cute Argentinian waiters. One of my favorite places in Lincoln Park, which also has one of the best skyline views in the city. Another great spot to come when its chilly (or nice) because they enclose the rooftop when its cold! They have awesome cocktails–I haven’t eaten here, but I’ve heard it’s great! Hands down, the best place for the ULTIMATE girls night–it’s a drag queen supper club–the entertainment is phenomenal (shows every half hour) and they have like 50+ different martinis on the menu! They’re also open for brunch, and I’ve heard they have bottomless mimosas! OK I would not classify this as a “girls night” spot in the typical sense–I would classify it as an “every occasion for everyone” spot. It’s the best greek food (in my opinion) in the city–it’s cheap, and connected to one of my favorite Irish pubs, so you can have a pint and wait for a table! (They don’t serve booze–but their partnership with the pub next door makes it easy!)  This is a new-to-me favorite I just discovered–a few of my girlfriends went here with the boys in tow–it’s Indonesian street food–SO DELICIOUS and a really fun, BYOB, insanely affordable experience. When your girls are getting together wanting to try something new, I highly recommend this cute spot. We did some sort of special menu where you get to try a bit of everything.  A Lincoln Park STAPLE. It’s rare to meet someone who has lived within a 3 mile radius of Lincoln Park ever in their life and never been here. ?It’s a very charming tapas spot that is ideal for girls dinner–they have delicious sangria, and also, fantastic brunch!  Another one I didn’t get around to trying until recently–Aba is AMAZING. It totally lived up to the hype in both cuisine and ambiance. Not only is the restaurant gorgeous, but the food does not disappoint. This is one “sharable” menu where your husband will actually approve––they have a lot of meat, haha! This is my #1 most recommended spot for visitors staying downtown. It has the coolest views (of both the skyline and the harbor!) and a great brunch menu. Even if you just go for cocktails, it’s a must-do! This place is just adorable. Not unlike a lot of restaurants in Chicago, their specialty is Mediterranean small plates–very good food, great drinks, plus they have a rooftop in the summer!   Chicago’s preppiest restaurant  It’s so cute, you feel like you’ve been transported straight to the East Coast! I went here with my college girlfriends for dinner and it was SO amazing. Small plates, all Mediterranean–so it’s actually not terribly unhealthy, either! Another recco I always give visitors, it’s a swanky asian-fusion/sushi restaurant and it has something for everyone. Their brussels sprouts are out of this world, you can’t not order them. Oh and literally everything else on the menu is divine, too.  One of my favorite restaurants–plus, it’s actually healthy! (Ish.) They have a few locations, the food is consistently really good and the decor is stunning. You HAVE to get a chocolate chip cookie, too! This is the restaurant that everyone can agree on if there are lot’s of dietary restrictions. Lot’s of options for gluten free, veggie, vegan, etc.  Top Chef (and now Iron Chef) Stephanie Izard’s upscale take on Chinese. It is probably the best (trendy) Chinese you’ll ever have and the decor and entire experience is so much fun. It’s a great spot for a date or with girlfriends! You’ve likely seen plenty of brunches or cocktails on Instagram from Soho House. Their downstairs lounge is casual but beautiful–you and the girls can eat all the avocado toast your hearts desire. Plus, they also have high tea, which is fun! For dinner, their food is very *good* but the atmosphere is really what you go here for. (I.E. I don’t think their food competes with all the other West Loop heavy hitters, so if food is your #1–this probably isn’t your spot–but is still a very fun trendy place for dinner!)  I feel like this West Town gem flies under the radar a lot–which is totally fine with me. Above Roots pizza (another great spot, if you’re looking for a casual pizza joint)–this is a farm to table al-fresco restaurant that grows a lot of their produce right on their roof garden! It’s SO charming and great for dinner with friends or a date!  Shop more Midi dresses for Girls Night!   Huge thanks to Nordstrom (where basically 85% of my wardrobe comes from ?) and ShopStyle for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 110% my own!  Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style, Travel  
Kelly says  April 30, 2018 at 7:48 am There is a place called Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba- such good sangria and amazing prices!! Try it out sometime  
Elle says  April 30, 2018 at 9:24 am Great suggestions! I’ve been wanting to check out a few of these for a while, but parking stresses me out ha!
https://macaroonsonmain.blogspot.com/ 
Sydney says  April 30, 2018 at 4:41 pm I have just bookmarked this post, I’m excited to check out a few of these places!
xo, Syd
anchoredinthesouth.com 
Karen says  May 1, 2018 at 8:27 pm Great list! A lot of these are my favorites as well. I definitely still need to try Santa Monica House!  I also agree with Kelly about Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba. I’m going to respectively disagree with you about Duck Duck Goat as “the best Chinese you’ll ever have.” I think their food is a nice American take on Chinese food at a hip restaurant. However as an East Asian person, I think there are tastier, more authentic options in Chicago. If you haven’t already, I’d suggest trying  Lao Sze Chuan (their expensive but delicious Peking duck), Ming Hin Cuisine (dim sum), and Imperial Lamian (noodle dishes and bun appetizers). 
Denis Mountain says  July 28, 2018 at 2:42 am Really nice list, especially is my favorite too as its leather menu covers offers the dishes. […] before several months go by again! Jess shared some of her favorite spots for girls’ night here, so I guess we’ll just work down that […] […] already own this jacket in a light blue suede (styled here!) and I love it so much that I knew I wanted to snap up this pretty burgundy version as soon as I […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Up Dresses, Light Blue Jeans, White Tank Tops, Brown Flat Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 1, 2016     Dress: c/o The Garment Collective–on sale! (If you’re looking for more t-shirt dresses, I also love Everlane’s silk and cotton versions!) // Boots: c/o Sorel (they come in grey and an olive-brown color as well–I LOVE them) // Yellow Rain Jacket: Topshop x Nordstrom (old) but identical here , similar here and here, and also love this budget-friendly $39 version from Target) // Bracelet: J.Crew    HAPPY MARCH! WAHOO! I never thought the day would come! Spring is so close, you guys–I know it. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

This past weekend we had a fun and relaxing few days at the lake house with our friends, Russell and Whitney! The weather was so perfect on Saturday and Sunday that it made me feel like spring was actually here–but it was also the best of both transitional season worlds: we hung out in the yard on Saturday and had a few beverages, took walks in the marsh with (get this) BARE LEGS and light jackets, but at night we laid low and played games and laughed by the fire. It was like the best of winter and spring all in one!   Most people don’t know this fact, but Indiana actually has some beautiful wetlands! The house happens to be in the perfect spot to enjoy both the wetlands and the beach–so whenever the weather is nice, we love walking through the marsh and the woods. Last week, they got hit with a ton of snow, but luckily it all melted away with the nearly 60 degree weather we experienced on Sunday! (So I assure you, while there is snow in the background of these photos, it felt like Spring break outside!)  My Sorel Slimpack Riding Boots have been my go-to lake house pair of shoes this past winter, because they’re essentially riding boots and rain boots in one. They have rubber bottoms, but a waterproof leather upper–making them suitable for everything from swamp trekking to shopping, to dinner! Despite the fact that they don’t have a thick lining, they’re still really warm, and also great weathering for snow and ice. (Which was the situation when we got there on Friday, because, MIDWESTERN WEATHER.)    I also have been living in this casual and comfy shirt dress from Garment Collective lately–a company started by my sweet friend, Breena, who I met at Brand Market Workshop! In just a short time, Breena has accomplished so much with her new fair trade brand, which is so much more than just a clothing line–it helps change lives! All of Garment Collective’s pieces are made from slavery survivors and at-risk artisans in Nepal. They are taught the art of sewing, given fair wages and safe working conditions, as well as an opportunity for counseling. So, in conclusion, if you needed a reason to buy the dress, well–buy the dress! She’ll also be coming out with her brand new spring collection soon, so be on the lookout!  Finally, what is a muddy trek through a marsh without a yellow rain slicker? It looked like it was about to rain at any second, so I figured this little jacket was a must-have. (Luckily, the rain held out until much later that night!) The air was pure heaven–almost 60 degrees! So around my waist it went for most of our trek. I love this yellow rain coat from TopShop, which has the cutest patterned inside! (Note, the one you see here is gingham, but this year’s version has stripes! Equally as cute.)    After our walk, we went out for some crazy good Mexican food. (Because we hadn’t had tacos in like, a whole week, so you know we needed a spicy fix.) If you’re ever in Beverly Shores/Michigan City area, El Cajete is a must! This also has me thinking I need tacos again for dinner tonight. You can never eat too many tacos, right?         Hope you have an amazing Tuesday! (And let’s hope the springy weather returns soon?)   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Monica says  March 1, 2016 at 7:13 am Love everything about this outfit! The colors and lining of the jacket, the extremely comfy looking tshirt dress, and those boots are great! Nice changeup from the wellies  Looks like a lovely place to roam with friends, happy March! -Monica
http://www.newenglandclassicbeauty.com 
Kristina Anderson says  March 1, 2016 at 8:14 am Such an adorable combo, and I love the little hint of gingham in your rain coat   Kristina does the Internets 
Maggie says  March 1, 2016 at 1:09 pm I totally did not know that Indiana has wetlands! Whodathunk?  I love that jacket. So cute!
-Maggie  http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  March 1, 2016 at 10:19 pm Love this dress & these photos! I’m so glad you guys had fun this weekend but I missed you!  Shaheen | Lows to Luxe 
Megan says  March 2, 2016 at 11:48 am How cute are you?! I am loving that yellow raincoat! Happy Wednesday // http://lifeplusbe.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Dress Pumps, Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses, White Sheath Dresses, Saddle Bags and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 5, 2017     Dress: Cupcakes and Cashmere Portola Striped Mini Dress–also available on Shopbop–runs large, size down. I love so many of her items, which you can browse here! (Note: Everything I’ve ever ordered from the brand runs large, so size down at least one size!) I also love this shorter, swingier version from Madewell for $88, and this swingy off the shoulder version for only $35! This striped tank dress is also so cute with the knots in the back! This one is also adorable with the bow in the back! / Sandals: Everlane Bridge Sandals (c/o) come in tons of colors too! Run TTS. My favorite little red heels from Everlane would also look equally as adorable! (And they are so comfy!) // Straw bag: Vintage, but I love this similar one and this one as well! // Hair bow: Similar here but dying over this velvet one that comes in several colors! // Necklace: Similar here in gold and here in rose gold and similar here // Bracelets: Monica Vinader and Kendra Scott // Welcome back! How was your 4th of July break!? Ours was really fun–we spent a lot of time at the lake and hung out at the beach with family (and Neal’s parents new puppy, obviously). One of my favorite things about summer is obviously spending as much time as possible outside (because snowmaggedon is only a few months away if we’re being serious, BAH.) Luckily, Chicago has so many places to do just that! If you remember my Summer Bucket List post, you know that having more picnics has been high on the priority list! All you need to do is grab a blanket and your favorite bottle of wine, and you’ve got the perfect date night. (Snacks optional, but highly encouraged, obvi.) Today I’m sharing my favorite picnic spots in Chicago should you care to do the same! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

 Okay, this isn’t ONE spot, it’s lot’s of them, but did you know that the Chicago Park District offers free movies in the park? This is one of my favorite things to do in the summer! (My favorite was years ago when they showed Westside Story. I dragged my roommates there but they do not have the same appreciation for musicals. Sigh. They only came for the wine.) Neal used to live right across the street from Millennium Park, so it brings back so many good memories! They have lot’s of free concerts here and it’s one of my favorite parks in the city! It’s a perfect spot for any picnic. One of the biggest things I miss about living up North is the zoo! The LP zoo is absolutely free, and has tons of running/walking paths through it. There are plenty of grassy spots to post up, or you could walk over the bridge to the beach! For three years I lived across from Oz Park–which is one of the most charming spots in the Lincoln Park neighborhood. (Maybe I’m biased). There are lot’s of quiet, open spaces to set up your picnic, and a nice playground if you have little ones! Okay, technically this is NOT in Chicago, but if you live in the city and you’ve never experienced Ravinia, you have got to hop on the train and go there for a concert. (It doesn’t even matter who is playing, you will have SO much fun!) Hundreds of people head to the gigantic Ravinia lawn and set up picnics to listen to concerts. The Metra takes you right there. It’s a must in the summer!   Speaking of–have you tried Chloe Rosé? I’m excited to be working with them in an ongoing partnership, and they sent some for us to try–it is SO good. Neal loved it, too! Often I find that some rosé has a certain sharpness, but this one is really smooth! It has notes of strawberry and watermelon, but it’s not super sweet and doesn’t have that harsh after taste, either. It’s definitely going to be our new go-to for picnics AND sipping on our front porch. Plus, I mean…how cute is the bottle? (The bow!?) You can purchase it at most retailers like Walgreens, Jewel, and Binny’s for around $15! It also makes a very crowd-pleasing hostess gift. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

   I recently purchased this adorable, Parisian chic off the shoulder striped dress. (I know, me and the stripes. I can’t buy enough of them. Luckily they never go out of style!) It’s perfect for a date night and can be dressed up with heels or dressed down with your favorite flats. It was just screaming to be worn with a hair bow, too. I couldn’t resist! (Also, thank you for all your compliments via Instagram DM on the hair bow from this post! I’m so glad you guys are team hair bows!) I’ve been wearing these sandals non-stop this summer, they’re so easy to slip on and are way more chic than flip flops! Several of my friends have them in other colors as well and have equally wonderful things to say about them! I hope you can find some time to squeeze in a picnic or two this summer!     A big thank you to Chloe wines, a brand I purchase frequently, for sponsoring this post! Photos by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style  
Dubliner in Deutschland says  July 5, 2017 at 7:38 am How fun! What a pretty photo shoot. 
Rachel Spross says  July 5, 2017 at 8:58 am Love this! Such a cute shoot. Picnics are one of my favorite things to do in the summer  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  July 5, 2017 at 12:03 pm You look so adorable and I can not wait to try that rosé! 
Kelly in the City says  July 5, 2017 at 10:15 pm SO PRETTY JESSICA!!! I love this. <3 
Diana Pearl says  July 5, 2017 at 11:25 pm So gorgeous! Love visiting Millennium Park in the summer! Love your dress and the bow in your hair, too! x diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Tia Perciballi says  July 6, 2017 at 4:37 pm I love this post! I adore picnics but the hubs never wants to go (“why don’t we just eat inside and then go outside?) WHY?! I should just grab a bottle of rose and some cheese and go with girlfriends instead. http://www.tiaperciballi.com 
Bill says  July 16, 2018 at 6:17 am We just spent a wonderful weekend in Wilmington, NC and found 3 great places to have an elegant picnic. Hugh Macrae Park – Halyburton Park – New Hanover County Arboretum Picnic With Style
picnicwithstyle.com 
mohamadreza says  September 18, 2019 at 5:33 am very very nice thank you so much 
Dilshad Ansari says  September 23, 2019 at 6:26 am Great Photographi. Thanks a lot for sharing information. 
Aashi Sharma says  October 14, 2019 at 7:55 am Thanks for sharing good and useful information. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pj Sets, Formal Gowns, Lace Bralettes, Off Shoulder Black Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 15, 2016   Black t-shirt dress:  Madewell Short Sleeve Tee Dress (c/o–also love this similar v-necked version, this shorter version in charcoal,  this shorter black v-neck version, and this one!) // Shoes: c/o–Madewell “Alena” sandal in Dotted Calf-Hair (they’re on sale and also come in this gorgeous olive hue that I love! These are also great transition summer-to-fall sandals!) // Tote bag: Madewell Transport Tote c/o (also styled here–comes in several colors. I also love this more budget-friendly faux leather version!) // Lipstick: Milani Color Statement lipstick in ‘Sweet Nectar’ // Hair: curled with my Beachwaver  Happy Monday!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 What were you up to this weekend? We were in Indianapolis celebrating one of my best friend Courtney’s weddings! (I know, if you follow this blog closely, you’ll notice I have a lot of friends named Courtney.) I hope yours was just as fun! Anyway–I don’t know about you, but the older I get, the more importance comfort, convenience, and versatility have become in my wardrobe.  Case in point: I have two t-shirt dresses that I absolutely live in. One was literally $10 from Forever 21, is 5 years old and is ripping in the back (it’s embarrassing). But it’s just so cute and so comfortable, and I can wear it EVERYWHERE. The other is a little heavier and long-sleeved, so it’s really more appropriate for fall and winter. (Oh, and they’re both striped. Obviously.)   I realized that it’s completely absurd that I don’t own more than two t-shirt dresses. So Im happy to report that this casual little LBD has just been added into the rotation. GASP! And it isn’t striped! Bam, look at me, branching out and all.  It arrived in the mail at the end of last week, and I’ve worn it about 6 different times since then. From running errands during the week, to Saturday brunch with my girlfriends, then out to the bar at night with a pair of heels. It’s as versatile as it is comfortable–and I love that it’s a bit longer than a dress I would typically wear. Because with shorter t-shirt dresses, you risk the whole “blowing up in the wind” factor, so the longer midi length provides a little more peace of mind.  (Did I ever tell you about the time I was walking down the street when my dress blew WAY up without my knowledge and a lady driving by leaned out the window and screamed, “MAAA’AMM! YO BUTT!!! to me, and the rest of the several dozen people on Dearborn street.)  Safe to say, that won’t be happening in this dress. (THANK GOD.)  Anyway, along with this dress, I also have taken quite a liking to these new heels–I love the dotted calf-hair print and the fact that it’s a thicker heel–which works for both day and night. (Again, all about the versatility.) They also come in this really pretty olive color if that’s more your style.       Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Megan says  August 15, 2016 at 8:15 am I love this look and am ordering that t-shirt dress right now! My closet needs it — haha // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Jess says  August 15, 2016 at 9:01 am It’s so comfortable! I would sleep in it if I could!! (I mean, I guess I could?) 
Caitlin says  August 15, 2016 at 8:44 am Maa’aam yo butt!! I can’t stop laughing! 
Jess says  August 15, 2016 at 9:01 am Hahaha I think it’s safe to say it was the #1 most awkward moment of life. 
Britney says  August 15, 2016 at 9:09 am Love the dress and shoes! There’s nothing easier than slipping on a t-shirt dress and instantly feeling put together. I picked up a very basic one with a drawstring waist that hits mid-thigh earlier this summer. It’s my go to for a hot day if I don’t feel like dreaming up an outfit combo. 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  August 15, 2016 at 9:47 am So cute!! I love this whole look!! 
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  August 15, 2016 at 10:50 am You look gorgeous from head to toe! I’m such a fan of midi dresses, so I need to look into this more casual T-shirt option. Perfect for heading into fall here soon! 
Kelly in the City says  August 15, 2016 at 1:46 pm GIRLFRIEND! Photos on POINT. And loving this whole look. And SO HAPPY you got your Madewell tote!! Hehe — Loveeeee!  Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  August 15, 2016 at 1:49 pm Love this dress – its’ perfect for summer & fall! 
Kira @ The Imperfectionist says  August 15, 2016 at 2:54 pm Omg I have a favorite easy-t-shirt-dress too, it’s from H&M and is like a bajillion years old, has holes, and should be thrown out! But it’s so easy, and just too cute!! I live in it in the summer!! Love this look on you, happy Monday! xo,
Kira 
Lauren Nolan says  August 16, 2016 at 9:29 am OMG I might need to get those shoes too – they’re perfect!!! You’re rockin this whole look 
xoxo,
Lauren at http://www.lakeshorelady.com/ 
Jackie-York Avenue says  August 16, 2016 at 10:29 am I love the length of the dress! So flattering. The Transport Tote is my favorite…I have two and just ordered another  
Sara Mendoza says  August 18, 2016 at 8:56 pm Buying the shoes as we speak!  LOVE!!!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Stuart Weitzman Pumps, Black Heel Booties, Black Clutches, Black Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 7, 2015  Outfit Details: Plaid Blanket Scarf // Striped Turtleneck// Green Puffer Vest// Buffalo Check Weekender // Jeans // Bracelet // Boots (sold out, but similar) // Belt    Happy Monday!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Did you have a good weekend? Did you knock out some holiday shopping? (Speaking of, be sure to scroll all the way to the bottom of this post for a roundup of my favorite sales–including a MAJOR 50% J.Crew Surprise Sale!) I, for one, had an awesome weekend! One of my best friends, Ally, got engaged! I was hiding around the corner at Water Tower under all the pretty lights snapping photos and got to watch the entire thing! It was magical  SO happy for her and her new fiancee, Kevin! (Love you two!) Then we celebrated afterwords until 3am and I’m STILL recovering from that one. 
 Also here are some sneak peaks of the photos I snapped because I can’t contain my excitement. Al, don’t kill me!!     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

ANYWAY. Today I’m sharing what is one of my favorite outfits and a combination I’ve been wearing weekly! It’s the perfect casual holiday outfit, and works great for traveling as well (along with the cutest plaid weekender bag!)  The real star of this show is obviously this plaid blanket scarf! My friend, Kelsey just opened her own online shop, which has some great winter staples and is super budget-friendly–this scarf is just $28! So be sure to go check it out. I love throwing it on at the last minute to make any outfit more festive. (Also, the red plaid is a killer combination with stripes, don’t you think?)   Now, I’m off to get organized for a super productive week. I head home to Oregon on the 16th, so trying to get as many shoots in, and wrap up as many loose ends as possible before then!  Do you have any feedback on what other holiday content you’d like to see? If so, comment below!       
Still need to get started on  your holiday shopping? Here’s a list of sales happening right now–plus, have you seen my list of retailers with free shipping for the holidays?    J.CREW 40%-50% OFF SURPRISE SALE! 
(PLUS FREE SHIPPING ON ANY ORDER!)
CODE: MONDAY   J.CREW FACTORY EXTRA 40%-60% EVERYTHING
CODE: EXTRA40 (Plus, they have the CUTEST PJ pants for guys and girls!)     NORDSTROM 40% OFF DESIGNER CLEARANCE
NO CODE NECESSARY! ANN TAYLOR 60% OFF SALE ITEMS
CODE: SURPRISE 60! GAP, OLD NAVY & BANANA REPUBLIC–TAKE 40% OFF!
CODE: GIVING   LOFT 50% OFF FESTIVE FAVORITES, PLUS 60% OFF SALE ITEMS
NO CODE NECESSARY! ASOS 30% OFF GIFTS FOR WOMEN AND MEN
NO CODE NECESSARY! ANTHROPOLOGIE EXTRA 30% OFF NEW SALE ITEMS
CODE: XTRA30 MADEWELL 30% OFF SALE STYLES
CODE: FORYOU    
HAPPY MONDAY EVERYONE!    P.S. Want more shopping and gift inspiration? There are 66 more pages where that came from of gift and shopping guides, recipes, entertaining tips and more in The Winter Guide e-Magazine! Have a flip through it below!   Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Carly says  December 7, 2015 at 10:12 am YOU STAYED OUT TIL 3AM! Grandma Jess is WILD! Cutest photos, congrats to your friend  
Jess says  December 7, 2015 at 10:30 am RIGHT? Aren’t you SO proud!? 
Kristina Anderson says  December 7, 2015 at 10:46 am Adorable combo, and congrats to your friend! Those pics are perfect  Kristina does the Internets 
Jess says  December 11, 2015 at 2:57 pm Thanks Kristina! I will let her know  And I’m so glad I got to be there and part of her big night! 
Jess says  December 11, 2015 at 2:57 pm Thanks Kristina! I will let her know  And I’m so glad I got to be there and part of her big night! 
Nikole says  December 7, 2015 at 3:39 pm Love the scarf and congrats to to your friend! 
Jess says  December 11, 2015 at 2:57 pm Thanks Nikole! I will pass along your congrats to her  So sweet! 
Jess says  December 11, 2015 at 2:57 pm Thanks Nikole! I will pass along your congrats to her  So sweet! 
Heidi D. says  December 7, 2015 at 10:31 pm You are the cutest! Love this look and LOVE the bag! Wishes & Reality 
Jess says  December 11, 2015 at 2:56 pm Thank you so much, Heidi! It’s the BEST weekender bag! 
Jess says  December 11, 2015 at 2:56 pm Thank you so much, Heidi! It’s the BEST weekender bag! 
Maggie says  December 8, 2015 at 12:07 pm I love your scarf! Stripes and plaid are always a good idea 
-Maggie    http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Jess says  December 11, 2015 at 2:56 pm Thanks Maggie! I know, stripes and plaid are one of my favorite combos!  
Jess says  December 11, 2015 at 2:56 pm Thanks Maggie! I know, stripes and plaid are one of my favorite combos!  
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  December 8, 2015 at 2:19 pm Love your outfit jess & I am so sad you are leaving so soon, wah! At least we have tomorrow  Shaheen | Lows to Luxe 
Jess says  December 11, 2015 at 2:56 pm I know wahhhh! 
Jess says  December 11, 2015 at 2:56 pm I know wahhhh! 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  December 8, 2015 at 2:19 pm Love your outfit jess & I am so sad you are leaving so soon, wah! At least we have tomorrow  Shaheen | Lows to Luxe Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Platform Pumps Shoes, Floral Long Dresses, Black Gowns, Tunic Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 26, 2016   Note: I frequently update this post with the most up-to-date links for easy shopping, so if you see something in the collage above that isn’t linked below, it’s because it’s sold out! Hope this post is helpful for your packing needs!  Hi guys! Guessing you’ve landed on this post because you need some help packing for an upcoming adventure! Hooray! This post was originally published a couple years back, but I do update it often–you’ll notice this is written with a winter/spring wardrobe in mind, but there are still tips you can come away with that will work easily for summer travel as well! The first time I did a carry-on capsule wardrobe it was to my trip to Ireland with just a backpack. It was hands down, THE BEST decision I’ve ever made. Creating a carry-on packing list for a week+ might seem daunting, but it’s definitely easier than you think! I’ve since replicated this for other European adventures and I’m never sorry! (For example, you can see my Paris Packing List right here!) I know what you’re thinking. And yes–you can definitely get away with just a carry-on, no matter how long your trip may last. How? By creating your own travel capsule wardrobe. Even if capsule wardrobes aren’t your thing in real life, they are a total lifesaver when it comes to packing for a trip. Of course, this can work no matter where you’re going–Europe, South America, or a road trip down Route 66. Just adapt these tips to fit your journey, lifestyle, (and of course, anticipated weather) and you will never look back. Read on for my Spring in Europe packing list, plus some extra tips to keep in mind as you prepare for your vacation!

    My three-step checklist to creating a versatile, cohesive wardrobe          30 example outfits to inspire you          Style lessons to show you how to style your trickiest wardrobe staples, and more! 1. Do not pack anything you don’t absolutely love–you won’t wear it. Like an capsule wardrobe, you wan’t to focus only on what you adore. Instead, you’ll re-wear the things you do love, and will have wasted space for nothing. (If you don’t love something, why do you own it anyway?) 2. Pick a color scheme, and stick to it. Every single item you pack must also match every other item you pack. This results in dozens of outfit combinations and virtually zero effort required to get dressed every day. Sticking to classic basics also ensures you won’t look back at photos and think, “GOD what was I wearing!?” Remember, there is nothing chicer than all-black. On my Ireland trip, I packed only black, grey, and stripes. I brought only basics that I felt great in, and the result meant getting up and out the door to explore in less than 10 minutes. 3. Limit yourself to three pairs of shoes. There’s a reason most capsule wardrobes limit footwear choices, you really don’t need that many! When traveling to Europe, you truly need one pair of boots, and one pair of sneakers. That’s it. Your third pair is optional. Also, note: most places you can easily get by without a pair of heels. Even at night,  you’ll likely do a fair amount of walking, so keep this in mind. Many European cities are more casual than you would encounter here in the U.S. Some exceptions: you want to check out the raging ocean-front club scene in Barcelona (you’ll definitely want heels for that), or you want to feel ultra romantic in Paris. (Hey, do your thing, girl.) Regardless, if you do decide to bring heels, choose a pair of wedges that fit within your color scheme. Why wedges? Many European cities have cobblestone streets, making them deadly for thin heels and stilettos. You don’t want to end up in the hospital in a foreign country with a twisted ankle, so go with wedges. Also, if that wasn’t enough of a reason, know that your heels will get stuck in the cobblestone and become ruined in less than 5 seconds. I know this because every pair of heels I brought to Italy to study abroad did not make it home. So if you were considering not taking my advice and bringing your favorite stilettos–don’t.  Limit your handbags. More on that below, but I promise–you don’t need more than one purse. Speaking of purses: NEVER carry your passport in your purse with you each day! Keep it in the safe in your hotel room. Mugging is extremely common in Europe, and you don’t want to be left without your wallet AND your passport! This packing list is based on my experience traveling throughout several European countries in springtime, and is best suited for areas with mild climates like Ireland, Great Britain, France, Italy, Germany, the Netherlands, etc. Obviously use your best judgement and customize as needed based on where you’ll be traveling! Chambray Top: A classic chambray button down is great for layering–as a base layer or second layer, and it’s basically a neutral (because, you know, Canadian tuxedos are in.) It also has a bit more weight to it than the average button down, which comes in handy for chilly European climates, and it doesn’t wrinkle as easily. Cardigan Sweater: You want to pack at least one cardigan sweater, again, because you want as many layering options as possible. Weather in spring anywhere is unpredictable, but especially in Europe. I prefer cardigans in either grey, or black, as they go with anything you layer over them. Nordstrom has a ton of great cardigans at lot’s of price points! This one is a linen blend so it’s great for warmer climates as well! Black V-Neck Sweater: The v-neck sweater is slightly more versatile than the crew neck. Why? Crew or turtlenecks can look dowdy if you layer certain things over them–such as a blazer, for example. They’re also harder to dress up. But a v-neck shows a bit more skin, and can be dressed up for a night out to dinner, and also looks great layered under a blazer, cardigan, or any other type of jacket. Everlane makes a really amazing classic cashmere version for under $100! Lot’s available over here, too! Striped tee: You’re not going to believe me, but this is going to be the one top you’ll reach for over and over again. Stripes just make your entire outfit cuter–it’s that simple! I love the long sleeved tees for travel, because they keep you warmer on cold planes or chilly weather, but you can always roll the sleeves if you get hot. The best part about this particular shirt is that it’s REVERSIBLE! V-neck on one side, rotate it around, and it’s a crewneck! Nordstrom has tons of cute striped tees so you can find one that suits your style the most! Honestly, I usually bring a few different versions! Classic blazer: No-brainer, obviously. Layers. LAYERS. You get it, right? A blazer is an ultra-polished outer layer that works great if your weather is warmer than planned, and also is a great under layer below a coat if necessary. It also looks extra sharp for going out at night. J.Crew makes the best versions–I especially love their Parke blaser. It’s a really flattering cut on everyone! Black V-Neck Tee: Again, a black v-neck is about the most versatile item you can pack. You can get away with wearing a black v-neck with your statement earrings and chic ballet flats for dinner just about anywhere in Europe. Another color, however, is much harder to dress up. (For example, pink? No way.) Everlane makes some of my favorite tees that are so soft and flattering! Barbour Coat: You’re going to argue me on this, I know you are. But you really should only need one coat. You think I’m crazy–but it’s true. I love the Barbour Beadnell coats because they aren’t bulky, but they’re super warm and water and stain resistant. This is the only coat I brought with me to Ireland last year and it was perfect. The great thing about olive is that pairs really well with black, navy, or brown. (You don’t have to roll the sleeves if you don’t want the plaid to show.) They make them in wax coated and quilted, but if you’re going somewhere rainy like London or Ireland, I’d suggest the wax-coated version! Dark Skinny Jeans: Dark skinnies are a must, because they show the least amount of dirt, and are also great for going out at night. You can easily get away with one pair of jeans the whole time, so if you’re up for that–go with these. Wanna know something crazy? My favorite pair right now are from ABERCROMBIE! Who knew!? Boyfriend Jeans: I like the extra “oomph” that boyfriend jeans lend to an outfit. I think they have a lot more personality than regular skinny jeans, and at times, are certainly more comfortable. Everlane makes an amazing pair! (P.S. I have a whole post on how to style boyfriend jeans multiple ways right here!) Ponte Pants: They feel like leggings, but are significantly more durable and polished looking. They’ll keep you much warmer than leggings, and again, can look significantly more dressy if you happen to be going somewhere that you don’t want to wear jeans. I own this pair and adore them–it looks like they just sold out but keep an eye if they come back in stock! Otherwise, these have really good reviews and are very similar! Striped Shift Dress: A nice alternative to jeans, I’d recommend throwing at least one t-shirt or shift dress in your bag–they’re perfect for wearing out to dinner, and for sightseeing as well. Make sure to choose a style that looks great with all three of your footwear options, and throw in a pair of opaque tights in case it gets chilly. My favorite is the Everlane Box Cut T-Shirt Dress–I just took it to Italy and it was my most worn item of the trip! Black ankle booties: Boots or booties are absolutely required for a Europe trip. I highly recommend Sam Edelman’s Petty Chelsea Booties! They look cute, provide great support, and are durable no matter what the weather. I prefer ankle booties to riding boots personally, because I think they’re a bit more versatile. You can wear them with dresses and boyfriend jeans, for example–something you probably wouldn’t be able to do with standard riding boots. Just make sure to weather-proof them before you go! (I also love Everlane’s Chelsea Booties!) Sneakers: Sneakers are also required for a Europe trip. Being on your feet all day, you’ll often want to trade off the type of shoe you’re wearing each day. Converse or Jack Purcell provide a great alternative to boots, and look cute with jeans, dresses, whatever. Definitely give them a thorough spray of Scotchgard beforehand though, this will make them really easy to wipe off! On the flip side, you could also go with some cute trainers–my favorite are Allbirds because they’re INSANELY comfortable but they tow a really great line between “athletic” and “stylish.” Plus, you don’t have to wear socks–they’re made of wool and naturally wick away moisture and keep your feet cool! I’ve also been obsessed with my Tretorns and Everlane’s Tread sneakers as of late. Chic ballet flats or Loafers: ballet flats are another European style staple that you see everywhere for good reason–they’re chic, and comfy! Yosi Samra flats are popular because they fold up and fit into your purse! As for loafers, Sam Edelman’s loafers are a pretty tough budget buy to beat! If you’re up for a splurge, my Gucci loafers are my obsession! Chic Backpack OR Crossbody: Something else you probably think I’m crazy for saying, but you only need one purse. REALLY. I promise. I prefer black if you’ll be wearing more wintery clothes or a tan in warmer weather–but as long as you ensure it goes with everything you’re bringing, choose whatever color you’d prefer! I would strongly recommend either a cross-body bag or a mini backpack. Your purse needs to be able to strap across your body, and be virtually impossible for pick-pockets to break into or steal off of you. I just bought this Madewell backpack for my most recent trip to Italy and it is far and away the best purchase I made for the whole trip. Even Neal agreed it was the trip MVP, haha! Fold-Up Sunnies: I have a pair of fold-up Ray Ban’s that Neal bought me as a present in Ireland, and they are the best best thing for travel ever. They fold up into a teeny tiny case that fits in nearly any type of bag. If you only take away one thing from this packing list, I think you should invest in these  Subtle statement studs: Europeans aren’t big into extravagant bling. Pack on the sparkles, and you’ll scream tourist. (Not to mention, “easy target” for muggers.) You won’t see them dripping in statement necklaces or stacks of sparkly bracelets. That being said, keep your jewelry to a minimum (and keep your nice stuff at home.) Bring one pair of statement studs that are still relatively simple in case you’d like to dress up your black v-neck sweater for dinner, but you’ll likely need little else. Baublebar is my favorite place for budget-friendly statement jewelry! Silk Scarf: You guys know this about me already, but silk scarves are the easiest way to dress up a simple outfit. (Capsule wardrobe VIP right here!) Your packing list is not complete without one! Plus, they add some extra warmth! Choose a color that compliments the rest of your items, but is enough to look pretty! (You’ll want to look back in photos and remember how European chic you were!) I love this colorful version and this striped version! Warm scarf : In case temps drop, a heavier scarf or wool pashmina is always a great secret weapon to keep in your bag. They’re also great to wrap around you if you’re cold out while out to a nice dinner! Red lipstick: Aside from a silk scarf, the best way to look polished is with a classic, red lip. I love NARS matte lip pencils because they give you a gorgeous color, but they aren’t too matte or drying. Lips always have the tendency to get extra chapped and dry during travel, so you’ll want something that still provides some moisture while looking great at the same time. Dry shampoo: You aren’t going to want to spend an extra hour in the morning doing your hair–you have sights to see! That being said, dry shampoo will be your best friend. Use this stuff and you can make it three days without washing your hair! Laundry on the go: You might not have a washer-dryer at your disposal, but that doesn’t mean you can’t do some laundry on the fly. Ensure you have some stain removing wipes, or a Tide to Go pen to remove stains. Plus, throw in some Woolite packets–you can easily wash your tees, undies, and bras in the sink of your hotel. Another lifesaver–Downy Wrinkle Release Spray. This stuff is absolute MAGIC. I never go anywhere without it! Make sure to bring an extra bag for your dirty items. I love this plastic lined “Ditty Bag” that is great for sealing off dirty clothes and even wet swimsuits, but a large ziplock bag will also work great. Also, if you have a backpack, it doesn’t hurt to keep a couple drier sheets in with your clothing to keep them smelling fresh. Hair appliances: I don’t want to be the bearer of bad news, but I strongly recommend you leave your hair dryer, straightener, and curling iron at home. Even with a converter, you’ll likely burn out your appliance or even more embarrassing–be that American who blew the fuse in her room. Furthermore, you don’t want to be be spending extra time on your hair when you have a European city to explore! Nobody is going to notice what your hair looks like–so embrace au natural. (Also, Refinery29 has a ton of awesome tutorials on how to style your hair when it’s wet!) When packing, roll your clothing: By rolling your clothing, you can fit significantly more clothing in your bag than with folding. Plus, it minimizes wrinkles, so you don’t look like a frumpy mess the whole trip. Don’t wait until the last minute: Plan ahead carefully–last minute scrambling always results in stuffing extra items in at the last minute that you don’t need! Don’t add in last-minute extras. If you need something, you can always buy it there, and then you’ll have a great souvenir! Cell phone plan: Even if you’re planning to go off the grid (go you!) you should at least purchase the minimum travel plan from your cell phone provider. While most places do offer wifi in Europe, and it’s easy to use MMS on your iPhone for free in those areas, you will thank me when you’re completely lost in a city that doesn’t speak english and you need to pull out your google maps. (Or worse!) AT&T and Verizon both offer really affordable base plans for this. Your safety is worth the extra money! What bag to pack in? I would highly recommend a backpack. I know it’s not very glamorous, but there will be times where you’ll be in between cities or trains and you’ll have to lug your bag with you. Have you ever tried to run for a train on uneven pavement while pulling a wheely bag? Or stop into a pub with a giant suitcase? It doesn’t work out very well. I borrowed a friend’s backpack for our recent Ireland trip, but Neal uses this backpack from Topo and it’s really awesome. It’s relatively inexpensive, it has several different compartments (even one for shoes) and it’s actually WAY cuter than those heinous travel packs you’ll find at REI. On the flip side, if you’ll only be in one place for the majority of the time (thus, not running to catch several trains or finding yourself in lot’s of “in between” situations), a wheelie bag might be a better option. The Delsey Paris 21″ Chatalet carry-on is one of the best things I’ve ever purchased. (I did a whole review on it here!) It’s also insanely lightweight, so even if you do need to run to catch a train or two, you’ll be totally fine sprinting through the train station with this! Plus, you can’t really beat the price! Also, if you loved this post, check out my Capsule Wardrobe Remix series!    My three-step checklist to creating a versatile, cohesive wardrobe          30 example outfits to inspire you          Style lessons to show you how to style your trickiest wardrobe staples, and more!  Filed Under: Packing Lists, Style, Travel  
Maggie says  February 26, 2016 at 9:31 am This is a great idea! I don’t think I could ever do a “real” capsule wardrobe haha, but I could do it while traveling! http://www.maggiealamode.com 
Katie Elizabeth says  February 3, 2018 at 9:48 pm same here! I don’t think I could just wear the same 30 pieces for a month or more. Just thinking about it I’m bored! But I’m in the same boat. I could so do that for a vacay. Actually, I’m pretty sure I’ve done versions of that, just never actually mapped it out on paper.  Katie | http://www.sunshinestyleblog.com 
Natalie @ Natalie Was Here says  February 26, 2016 at 10:16 am I’m SO into the capsule wardrobe thing lately. Love your tips! xo,
Natalie | Natalie Was Here 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  February 26, 2016 at 12:33 pm These are amazing tips & I totally agree I need to stop packing things I think I ‘might’ wear because I never do!  Shaheen | Lows to Luxe 
Gemini Tauberge says  February 26, 2016 at 2:04 pm Great tips! Not packing heels is the best advice… one shaky traipse down a cobblestone french street will attest to that! milkwhitemoon.blogspot.com 
Kit Graham says  February 26, 2016 at 4:15 pm I love this. I just pack 2 pairs of jeans and tops that can be layered. Also – I always tell people to photocopy their license and passport and to leave it with a family member so in case something happens to yours – you still have the info somewhere. 
Marie Tachouet says  February 27, 2016 at 8:27 am Great post! We’re going to Puerto Rico in a few weeks and I HATE carrying a bunch of stuff! With lighter/smaller warm weather clothes and your tips, might be able to pack a running outfit  
Marie Tachouet says  February 27, 2016 at 10:42 am Great post! We’re going to Puerto Rico in a few weeks and I HATE carrying a bunch of stuff! With lighter/smaller warm weather clothes and your tips, might be able to pack a running outfit  
Alison says  April 23, 2016 at 6:27 pm Great tips. I’m going to Belgium in a few days and the weather is a bit chilly with occasional rain. Not much different than my normal days in Michigan. The last time I traveled overseas it was 6 years ago to Ireland in May…but I was 5 months pregnant so I had some different concerns. Mainly comfortable shoes! I’m looking forward to minimizing my wardrobe. I just bought a rain-resistant coat from Eddie Bauer. I’m excited to have a nice black jacket that is easy to pack and stylish. I have a feeling I will be wearing it a lot. 
Susan Feuer Watson says  July 17, 2016 at 8:49 pm We are going to London, Paris, and Amsterdam (from Chicago, hey Jess!) in October and I will be packing every single item you mentioned since I luckily own all of it. Perfect!! Thank you. 
Allison Hasserd says  July 19, 2016 at 3:23 pm yes!! this is perfect! we are headed to spain soon and this is totally helpful! thank you!! 
Amy (Two Drifters) says  July 21, 2016 at 6:14 pm A great list!! I honestly might by every single thing on the list haha. So many great tips. I’m really trying to minimise my wardrobe before we go to Scotland for 4+ months. Are these affiliate links? If so, I’ll use them when I buy.  
Kristen - www.togetheract.com says  September 6, 2016 at 10:27 am Thanks for a great post!  Loved the Topo shout-out!  I live in Boulder and my 15 year old son absolutely LOVES that store!  They have the coolest stuff.   I’m heading to the east coast for a whirlwind college tour with my daughter. Our bags will be with us almost the entire time. I’m always carry-on only…but this trip will test my capsule wardrobing abilities:-) Thank you for your tips! 
Celtic Princess says  September 23, 2016 at 10:44 am On the hair appliance note, Grace Kelly’s hair was wet when she met the Prince of Monaco, because there was a strike on and the electricity was out. When all else fails, follow her classic example and just sparkle through it! I have kinky, Afro hair which has taught me that charm is the best remedy for a less than stellar hair day! 
Frog and Freckles says  October 20, 2016 at 10:44 am I love the idea of a capsule wardrobe and I will be using some of your tips for an 8-month trip to Japan next year. You probably already noticed that ‘natural hair’ is the only way to go in Paris, so like you say, no need to bring appliances to France! The same goes for the high heels – most girls go out in smart flats or the latest trend, Stan Smith sneakers! Have fun if you ever come back to Europe  Freckles 
Joselyn Marie says  January 18, 2017 at 10:38 pm Such a great list! I’m used to living and traveling in southern Europe, and am (was!) completely lost when I found out I’d be going to Ireland (which obvious requires many more layers than along the Mediterranean!) for 3 weeks with just a carry on. Thanks!  
Laura says  April 2, 2017 at 12:43 pm Thank you for the new efficiency brought into my packing!  Can you suggest some modifications for changes in weather?  i.e. what would you remove and include in the event of warmer weather.  Perhaps approach it by seasons…. one capsule for summer, one for winter and one for in-between weather.  Appreciate it:) 
Priyanka Shanaya says  September 17, 2017 at 12:45 pm Thanks for providing us with the ultimate packing list.We always want to travel light.But while packing,we get confuse as what to pack and what to not.And because of this,we end up in packing unnecessary things also.This blog would be very helpful for us while packing next time for our trip.For more such blogs,visit http://www.sassythrill.com 
mandalala says  October 15, 2017 at 7:20 pm How do you keep your blazer from getting wrinkled and squished? 
Rhonda says  April 26, 2018 at 11:18 pm This is indeed how I pack with the exception I am a runner/hiker/small town traveler so my wardrobe is a tad less polished.  I lean more light hikers rather than the boots, albeit a pair of black ballet flats for dress-up and then my running shoes rather than the fashion trainers.   Patagonia or Kuhl Polar fleece as opposed to the black V-neck albeit I do bring the cardigan.  likely a nylon travel shirt rather than the chambrey as well.   My pants are pretty equivalent – skinny jeans, boyfriend jeans but the third pair either Patagonia travel pants I can hike in or Lululemon for same purpose.  Running tights, shell, running bra and tank also necessary. Good rain trench, scarf, and travel skirt to get into a nicer restaurant.    Hence the excellent advice and the principal is the same but can be altered depending on the travel style of the traveler ;-). 
Katie says  July 21, 2018 at 8:57 am WENT TO HAWAII RECENTLY FOR A MONTH AND I PACKED A WHOLE CAPSULE WARDROBE BASICALLY! I DID PACK AN EXCESS OF CLOTHES BUT REALIZES I DID ACTUALLY PACK A EASY MATCHING CAPSULE THAT I ROTATED THROUGH THE ENTIRE TIME. i’M GOING TO CREATE A POST ABOUT IT SOON BECAUSE IT’S SO INTERESTING AND HELPFUL. THAT’S SO AWESOME YOU LEARNED HOW TO PACK CORRECTLY TO IRELAND AND WHEN I SAW THIS PIN ON PINTEREST, I INSTANTLY KNEW IT WAS YOU BECAUSE IT WAS “jess” STYLE HA!  KATIE | http://WWW.SUNSHINESTYLEBLOG.COM 
Rhonda Lerner says  October 2, 2018 at 11:38 am A bit of background: in 2010 we carried 150 lbs. of luggage in four suitcases to Asia for a year-long trip. After 5 months we shipped 50 lbs. of clothes back to California. Yet, we still lugged around 100 lbs. of clothes to China, Tibet, Nepal, India, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia. After reading your blog I was challenged to create a Travel Capsule Wardrobe, for both my husband and I, that could fit into a carry-on suitcase. It was a resounding success! Well, we just returned from a 3-week journey through Portugal and Madrid. His capsule wardrobe was a grey-tone color scheme:  4 Calvin Klein shirts, 3 pants, 1 sweater. My capsule wardrobe was millennial pink/navy/cayenne/peach: 10 tops, 4 pants, 1 black dress. (I use the bundle fold method, no ironing required.) As an additional plus, airline check-ins and departing from airports was also faster since we only had carry-on luggage. Now my girlfriends want me to show them how to do the same! 
Ilenia says  December 9, 2018 at 5:49 am Hi Jess. How can I find the black hard backpack in the picture?I really like the style of it. Would you please tell me the brand or the link where I can check it out? Thank you. 
Ilana says  February 13, 2019 at 11:57 pm Hello!
What brand are the black lace up ballet flats pictured above.
Thank you! 
Stacy says  March 12, 2019 at 6:55 pm Thanks for this post! A few years ago I traveled London and Italy with a carry-on size suitcase and it went great but was questioning whether it was the way to go for my upcoming trip to Scotland and Ireland. This just confirmed that I need to stick with the plan and some tips on tweaking the pieces I was going to take so that they go together even more seamlessly! 
Susan says  May 7, 2019 at 11:24 am I love this capsule  The only thing I would probably change is to make the striped shirt a dressier blouse and bring 1 or 2 other tops.  I’d wear the jacket to make more room in my bag, then store it in the overhead compartment.  You could wear the dress as a striped top tucked into pants, so I’d swap that for another top, for more variety. […] I read this before I packed for my trip this weekend. […] Google Usually posts some incredibly interesting stuff like this. If you are new to this site. party tents […]Every after inside a while we select blogs that we study. Listed below would be the most up-to-date web-sites that we opt for […] spiro michals […]usually posts some quite fascinating stuff like this. If you are new to this site[…] greek iptv […]The information mentioned within the article are several of the very best readily available […] hobby shop near me […]Every after inside a while we select blogs that we study. Listed beneath are the most recent web pages that we pick out […] how to make quick money […]please stop by the websites we stick to, such as this a single, because it represents our picks through the web[…] goldenseal extract […]please pay a visit to the internet sites we adhere to, such as this one, because it represents our picks in the web[…] 411-pain […]Here is a good Weblog You may Find Intriguing that we Encourage You[…] go to this site […]Here are a number of the internet sites we advocate for our visitors[…] realistic dildos […]please stop by the web pages we follow, like this one, because it represents our picks through the web[…] kona coffee […]Wonderful story, reckoned we could combine a number of unrelated information, nonetheless actually worth taking a search, whoa did a single understand about Mid East has got much more problerms also […] search engine marketing company […]just beneath, are quite a few absolutely not connected internet sites to ours, however, they are surely really worth going over[…] The MLS Real Estate […]just beneath, are various completely not associated internet sites to ours, even so, they are surely really worth going over[…] kona coffee […]here are some links to web sites that we link to due to the fact we think they are worth visiting[…] app creator […]the time to study or check out the material or internet sites we have linked to below the[…] underwater fishing camera […]the time to read or visit the material or sites we have linked to below the[…] Immigration solicitor […]here are some hyperlinks to web pages that we link to due to the fact we assume they may be worth visiting[…] how to make an app […]below youll discover the link to some sites that we consider you must visit[…] Miniclip […]although web-sites we backlink to below are considerably not related to ours, we feel they are essentially worth a go by means of, so possess a look[…] make your own app […]very couple of web sites that happen to be in depth below, from our point of view are undoubtedly well really worth checking out[…] realtor app […]check beneath, are some completely unrelated web-sites to ours, nonetheless, they are most trustworthy sources that we use[…] The MLS Live […]always a big fan of linking to bloggers that I enjoy but dont get a whole lot of link enjoy from[…] anti rayap […]Wonderful story, reckoned we could combine a handful of unrelated data, nonetheless actually worth taking a look, whoa did one particular study about Mid East has got much more problerms at the same time […] sprawdzone noclegi nad morzem […]Every when inside a even though we opt for blogs that we read. Listed below are the most up-to-date websites that we select […] free slot machine online […]Every the moment inside a even though we pick out blogs that we read. Listed beneath would be the most up-to-date web pages that we select […] dentist appointment […]one of our guests a short while ago suggested the following website[…] this contact form […]below youll find the link to some web-sites that we consider you should visit[…] Compacting […]the time to read or stop by the content material or web pages we’ve linked to beneath the[…] fun […]Here are some of the internet sites we advocate for our visitors[…] 無料デスクトップの壁紙 […]just beneath, are a lot of completely not related websites to ours, nevertheless, they’re certainly really worth going over[…] software Technology site […]very handful of sites that take place to become detailed below, from our point of view are undoubtedly very well really worth checking out[…] acheter likes facebook […]please check out the sites we follow, including this one, because it represents our picks from the web[…] acheter like facebook […]always a huge fan of linking to bloggers that I like but really don’t get quite a bit of link appreciate from[…] singing talent search […]very couple of web sites that happen to become detailed below, from our point of view are undoubtedly very well really worth checking out[…] gem residences evia […]although web sites we backlink to beneath are considerably not connected to ours, we feel they are really really worth a go by way of, so have a look[…] earn money from home […]Wonderful story, reckoned we could combine a handful of unrelated information, nevertheless genuinely worth taking a appear, whoa did one particular master about Mid East has got extra problerms at the same time […] […] to pack light for a big […] acheter des fans facebook […]Wonderful story, reckoned we could combine a few unrelated data, nevertheless truly worth taking a appear, whoa did one learn about Mid East has got more problerms at the same time […] agence web montpellier […]usually posts some quite exciting stuff like this. If youre new to this site[…] read this post here […]the time to study or pay a visit to the material or sites we have linked to below the[…] gourmet coffee […]Here is a good Weblog You might Uncover Exciting that we Encourage You[…] kona coffee […]just beneath, are a lot of entirely not connected web sites to ours, however, they’re certainly worth going over[…] kona coffee […]very handful of websites that occur to be in depth beneath, from our point of view are undoubtedly well really worth checking out[…] coffee beans […]here are some links to internet sites that we link to mainly because we feel they’re really worth visiting[…] coffee beans […]although internet websites we backlink to beneath are considerably not connected to ours, we really feel they are basically worth a go by, so possess a look[…] bantningspiller […]that would be the finish of this report. Here youll come across some internet sites that we feel you will appreciate, just click the links over[…] Denver web designer […]check beneath, are some absolutely unrelated websites to ours, even so, they may be most trustworthy sources that we use[…] container houses […]here are some links to web sites that we link to simply because we assume they may be really worth visiting[…] gps fleet tracking reviews […]here are some links to web-sites that we link to due to the fact we believe they are worth visiting[…] kıbrıs üniversiteleri […]one of our visitors not long ago proposed the following website[…] gourmet coffee beans […]although sites we backlink to below are considerably not related to ours, we really feel they may be essentially worth a go by, so have a look[…] kona coffee beans […]Here is a superb Weblog You may Uncover Exciting that we Encourage You[…] kona coffee […]we came across a cool internet site that you simply might love. Take a search should you want[…] farmers choice kona coffee […]Wonderful story, reckoned we could combine several unrelated information, nonetheless actually worth taking a look, whoa did one particular study about Mid East has got additional problerms as well […] farmers choice kona coffee […]below youll find the link to some web-sites that we believe you must visit[…] kona coffee k cups […]Sites of interest we’ve a link to[…] how to become rich […]Wonderful story, reckoned we could combine a couple of unrelated data, nevertheless definitely worth taking a look, whoa did a single learn about Mid East has got a lot more problerms also […] ground coffee […]usually posts some extremely fascinating stuff like this. If you are new to this site[…] kona coffee […]check below, are some entirely unrelated websites to ours, on the other hand, they’re most trustworthy sources that we use[…] royal kona coffee […]the time to read or check out the subject material or internet sites we’ve linked to beneath the[…] kona coffee […]we came across a cool site that you simply could enjoy. Take a appear in case you want[…] kona coffee […]please pay a visit to the internet sites we follow, which includes this one particular, as it represents our picks from the web[…] kona coffee […]we prefer to honor a lot of other internet websites around the web, even if they arent linked to us, by linking to them. Below are some webpages really worth checking out[…] http://aftonbladet.se […]The information and facts talked about inside the article are some of the best offered […] kona coffee […]we came across a cool web page which you may well appreciate. Take a search should you want[…] kona coffee […]here are some hyperlinks to sites that we link to because we believe they may be worth visiting[…] Sell Ram […]Here is a superb Blog You might Locate Exciting that we Encourage You[…] Judgment enforcement […]below you will obtain the link to some websites that we feel you must visit[…] Cement tile Mold […]we came across a cool website that you simply could possibly take pleasure in. Take a look should you want[…] Chicago Balers […]that will be the finish of this post. Right here you will locate some sites that we feel youll enjoy, just click the hyperlinks over[…] http://expressen.se […]the time to read or visit the material or web-sites we’ve linked to beneath the[…] Stromanbieter […]just beneath, are a lot of completely not associated web pages to ours, having said that, they may be certainly worth going over[…] cheap huawei mate8 […]here are some links to internet sites that we link to due to the fact we assume they are worth visiting[…] […] a ball, and can be pulled over your head as a makeshift eye-mask. (Plus, did you know it’s my ultimate European travel must-have? Don’t go anywhere without […] […] don’t own a lot of clothing, so it’s easy to pull a travel capsule wardrobe out of my closet.  I take a small plastic bottle of laundry soap so that I can do emergency wash […] […] Pack only the items you love, and if you can, pack in a color scheme, so getting dressed in the morning takes little thought. I loved everything I brought with me to Paris, so it made getting dressed not only a lot more fun, but super fast, too! You can see my example Paris travel capsule wardrobe here and more tips on packing a capsule wardrobe for travel here. […] […] sure that you get the most out of your luggage by taking a capsule wardrobe of items. If you’re travelling for a few weeks – or longer – then you can wash your clothes and reuse […] […] A Travel Capsule Wardrobe: Your Ultimate Packing List – Your ultimate packing list for traveling light to Europe in the Spring? Create a travel capsule wardrobe. Intrigued? Click through to read! […] […] together, and BAM. Instant, endless outfit options. (This is also called a capsule wardrobe — here’s a great read to get you started.) Switch things up with accessories and jewelry, which take up less […] […] a capsule wardrobe. There are plenty of articles that exist on this, but the idea is generally that you take high-quality staple pieces […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] several tops and several bottoms that are all interchangeable. You’ll have new combinations each day and stay fresh for the ’gram without overpacking. Just […] […] year. I crossed off a few goals, like living in a new country (NZ, I miss you!), nailing down a capsule wardrobe, and starting my day with things that are important to me while establishing a different pace of […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Camis And Tanks, Blue Heels Shoes, Cosmetic Bags, Brown Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 3, 2015       Oxford: Old, identical here  // Skirt: c/o Style Check In // Sunnies: Ray Bans // Sandals: Madewell (old), similar here, here, here and here (also obsessed with these!) // Bag: Target // Bracelets: Leather wrap bracelet & gold bangle: c/o busywrist, bright woven bracelet c/o Odalisque Apothecary in Geneva    Last week, as you saw in this post last week, I recently took a day trip (a ‘day cation,’ as we called it) to Geneva, IL with my friends Nicole, Maya, and Kelly, to escape the hustle and bustle of the city for a little while. It was an absolutely perfect spring day! After hitting Odalisque Apothecary (an adorable shop with an amazing selection of beauty products and goods!) and wine tasting at Geneva Wine Cellars, we stopped in the restaurant at The Herrington Inn for lunch. Being a perfect day, we ordered another bottle of wine and had lunch on the patio (which I couldn’t recommend more)! Of course, when you get four bloggers together and mix them with wine, photo shoots usually ensue! So that’s what you see right here.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I had never previously thought to wear these two items in my closet together, but the weather inspired me and I felt it was necessary to pull on the springiest thing I could think of. Thus, I tried out this color combination, and it worked. It also kind of reminds me of eating rainbow sherbet at birthday parties as a kid. Which might have caused me to change, had my Uber driver not pulled up that minute, giving me time to only lace up my sandals and head for the elevator. Happy Wednesday, friends! Shop this post:    Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Maxi Dresses, Tan Coats, White Jeans, Blue Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 26, 2014   Coat: Barbour (c/o) // Sweater: Barbour // Scarf: Barbour // Jeans: Forever 21 // Boots: Zara (these and these are similar and way cuter!) *Note all Barbour items are available in-store only, but you can order them over the phone by calling the store at (773) 360-7926*  As you can tell, Ashlei, Kelly and I are pretty excited. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Because we’re hosting a REALLY sweet event at Barbour in Lincoln Park next week as part of Lincoln Park’s Holiday Shop Hop on December 4th! There will be twenty local boutiques as well as restaurants along Halsted, Armitage, and Webster that open their doors for a night of festivities, food, music, and best of all, shopping! In each store will be a Chicago blogger or two (or three, in our case!) to help you pick out some amazing items for your Christmas list (or for yourself!).  At Barbour, we’ll be having gift tables for men and women (and fun goodies for your pup, too!) It’s rumored there MIGHT even be a tartan photo booth, so you definitely have to come check it out. We would love, love to see you there!  Here’s just a peek at what you can expect to find at Barbour: we’re talking the coziest sweaters you’ve ever seen, tartan everywhere, and the warmest coats to help you combat the crazy Chicago winter. Before we teamed up with Barbour, I really didn’t know much about them, but came to learn about the great amount of history the brand has, and their unparalleled eye for detail.  And then I completely fell in love. For example, did you know that back in the day, Barbour made suits for the Navy? And that the zipper of this coat doubles as a bottle opener? That it has special “warming pockets” which are lined with cozy fleece, and curve down at an angle, so your hands aren’t exposed to any cold air? Or the fact that this sweater has heavy-duty thumb holes that are lined with leather around the edges, so they never fray? The amount of detail that goes into every item is incredible, and something I wholeheartedly appreciate. And yes, if you were wondering, that IS a mens sweater. I’m a sucker for shopping in the mens department. I gave some serious thought in asking Neal to go halfsies on it with me (yes it’s giant on me, but it would fit him! Right?) but then I knew in my heart that would be a poor bargain for him, he would never see it again! And I’d like to talk about this tartan scarf for a second. The Barbour family has a special family tartan (yes, that is a thing in Scotland) that is unique and special to only them. It’s the same pattern they use on every tartan item they make (you’ll just notice that the size varies, but the pattern stays the same.) I couldn’t get enough of tartan everything, from their button downs, to the scarves in amazing winter colors, to the linings on the inside of their coats. (P.S. be sure to click through to see Ashlei and Kelly’s cute outfits!)      Don’t forget to come see us at the Barbour store at 2042 N Halsted on December 4th! Here’s the rest of the amazing line up! All She Wrote: She Loved Life
Art Effect: Isn’t that Charming and Charmingly Styled
Barbour: Kinks are the New Pink, The Golden Girl and Kelly in the City
Comfort Me Boutique: 312 Beauty and Caravan of Style
Fox’s Designer off-Price: Lakeshore Lady and Color Me Styled
Francesca’s Collection: Hallways are my Runways and Hot Pink Style
Essentia: The Little Foxes
Green Goddess Boutique: An Eventful Life and Gold Coast Girl 
Kiehl’s: A Cheeky Fox
Little Black Dress: The Style Letters and 2 girls 2 cities
Londo Mondo: Cedar and Rush and Project Soiree
Lululemon: Adrian-James
Oh, Olive: The Kittchen
Pilates Pro Works: A Sweat Life
Pure Barre: Lakeshore Runner
Rara Avis: House and Hanger
Shop857: Actually, Just Jennie and Lows to Luxe
Stella Barra: Chritiques
Studio Fit: The Balanced Babe
Ten Thousand Villages: The Kissing Booth Blog Photos by Kelly Larkin (and her brother, Patrick! Best brother ever!) Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Leggings, Cosmetic Bags, Black And White Dresses, High Rise Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 23, 2018     Welcome back to our second post of the new Style 101 series, where I tackle one style related topic and break it down with my personal style tips to inspire you to get the most out of your wardrobe! I received quite a few questions centered around my favorite “all season” staples and what my “go-to” outfits are, so today, I’m excited to introduce you to a foolproof outfit formula that works for me every time! Secretly, I think I was mentally “saving this post for a rainy day” if you will, when you and I could use a little breath of fresh air and a break from looking at cold winter layers, turtlenecks, and snow boots ? Plus, we’ve actually had a few beautiful days here lately where I’ve been pulling out my trusty trench coat (gasp!)–a sign of hope that spring is around the corner! Neal and I snapped these pictures while wandering around San Francisco this past fall. (Remember this post we shot in Pacific Heights? Swoon!) I often forget how inspiring even just a quick trip to a new city can be. The chance to explore all the different SF neighborhoods and work from new coffee shops provided a much-needed reset and a general boost of creativity that I often-times feel depleted of when November and December roll around. Honestly, I hadn’t really looked at these photos in a month or so, I almost forgot they existed! It was so nice looking at those pretty SF streets with fresh eyes all over again! I hope you love them as much as I do! (By the way, I also owe you a San Francisco city guide–so that’ll be coming soon, too!) Something else I love about today’s outfit–it’s a foolproof framework you can use over and over again in fall, winter, or spring. (Although it would be a litttllee hot for summer ?)  Have you ever heard the concept of “KISS?” It stands for “Keep It Simple Stupid” haha–I heard it over and over again during my advertising career but after some digging, I found out that it was actually first used by the U.S. Navy, stating that systems work best if they are kept simple rather than made complicated, therefore, simplicity should be a key goal in design. (More on Wikipedia!) Cool, huh? I think it fits in quite nicely with my “make it simple, yet significant” style motto of 2018 (stolen from Don Draper, obviously. ?) Anyway, this outfit just about as classic as they come, and the formula is one that I turn to over and over again in any in-between-season weather–it works when transitioning from fall to winter, to pull out of your back pocket on a warm winter day (when you FINALLY don’t need a puffer!) and then again in the chilly days of early spring. (Or, when you have a trip to San Francisco coming up!) When it comes to travel, it’s also a framework that I use to get the most out of my travel wardrobe– because I carry-on just about everywhere that I possibly can (including to Europe)–it’s just so much more efficient from both a time AND money perspective, plus, it really eliminates that panic you have when it comes time to pull something out of your suitcase to get dressed, and you realize you really have nothing to wear. By the way, if you’re looking for the perfect carry-on, don’t miss my full review of my favorite suitcase over here!  Button Down:  Everlane makes my favorite classic button-down blouses–they have so many and they’re all under $100. I love their new piped versions if you’re going for something a little different. Sezane (a French brand I’m in love with–I need to order some of their basics!) also makes some very beautiful blouses. Everlane also makes a sleeveless silk button down for those of you in warmer climates who don’t need the sleeves! (Jealous!) Pullover blouse:  If button-downs aren’t really your thing and you’d prefer a pullover, this one from Everlane is really pretty! Sezane also makes this version that is a pullover in the front but a button-up in the back, with a lower V and beautiful scalloped details on the neckline! Swoon! For a feminine touch: This version from LOFT has tiny, subtle ruffles at the collar and sleeves for a more romantic look. Jeans: If you read my post “how to make your legs look longer”–you know why high-waisted dark skinnies are such a secret weapon! They are the most flattering pants out there–the two pairs I own are J.Brand’s “Maria” jeans–I have them in “Bluebird” wash (run small, consider sizing up if you don’t like your jeans super tight) but I also love their black version–(they come in lot’s of variations though, Shopbop has the most selection of J Brand’s that I’ve seen and Amazon Prime shipping!) and for a budget-friendly alternative, Abercrombie’s high-waisted skinny jeans are also amazing and so affordable! Office pants: If you work in an office environment, you can easily swap out the jeans for a more formal pant, like a ponte pant, or a classic trouser (the Leith trousers are a GG reader favorite, as are Everlane’s pants! LOFT and J.Crew also were voted best place for office pants according to you guys!) based on your office dress code! My trench coat is one of my favorite things in my wardrobe! I bought it before my trip to London last spring. Because it has a removable liner and hood, it’s actually very warm, so I get a lot more wear out of it than I would with a standard rain coat! I love trenches because they have such a classic look that you can also get away with dressing them up, such as, wearing them out to dinner, for example! You also saw it featured in this post last week! For colder temperatures, you can also go with a wrap coat (I have this one from Ann Taylor!) I’ve worn my Dolce Vita “Cassius” booties (on sale for under $100! They come in black and dark grey, too!) pretty much everywhere this winter. They’re insanely comfortable, even though they have a bit of a heel, I can walk for miles in them. They’re the perfect city girl shoe. The best part about them is that the shaft comes up a bit higher than the average ankle boot, which means your ankles don’t get exposed to the cold! (Their “Stevie” bootie is also similar!) No big surprise here, but Everlane and Sezane also have beautiful pairs that have similar qualities! Again, if you’re looking to make this look work for the office, it’s really simple to substitute out different shoes. You can always go with a classic neutral pump (or my favorite cap-toe pumps for a Parisian inspired look!) This is nothing new to a Jess Keys outfit so I’ll make it short and sweet ? as always, a neck-scarf is my go-to solution for adding some feminine personality to an otherwise basic outfit. (This is no exception!) Linking some of my favorite scarves below (mine is Hermes–you can get lot’s of second-hand Hermes scarves on The Real Real for amazing prices, FYI!) For tips on how to tie a silk scarf, see my blog post, “How to tie a French style scarf”  If you liked this post, make check out more Style 101 posts over in the archives! Plus, I think you’ll love my capsule wardrobe series, where I share my favorite wardrobe staples and how to style them multiple ways to make the most of your closet! SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Style 101  
Caitlin Edwards says  January 23, 2018 at 11:02 am Love this post! I could use some new neutral booties, definitely spent like 15 minutes searching for some! http://www.themilestraveled.com 
Erin Lucy says  January 24, 2018 at 10:00 am I love the scarf addition! Accessories like that just take an outfit to the next level. Thanks for sharing, I love this outfit! Erin
https://explorelovelive.com/ 
AMANDA B MAHONY says  February 8, 2018 at 8:45 am yay! found on theeverygirl.com, too! http://theeverygirl.com/20-winter-outfits-we-want-to-copy-right-now-2/ 
Cynthia Archer says  February 13, 2018 at 9:26 pm Are you wearing the  Abercrombie’s high-waisted skinny jeans in RINSE WASH OR DARK WASH?
I love your look but, skinny jeans are new to me and I’m not sure which to get…
I wear a size 30 and I’m 5’6″ 
Katie says  February 22, 2018 at 2:42 pm Would you mind sharing what size you wear in the everlane silk shirt? I’ve never ordered from everlane, but I think I’m going to pull the trigger after seeing  you wear this so many ways! […] Source: Jess Keys […] […] Source: Jess Keys […] […] Source: Jess Keys […] […] Source: The Golden Girl Blog […] […] Source: The Golden Girl Blog […] […] Source: The Golden Girl Blog […] […] you missed this post on my “wear anywhere outfit” from last year, the outfit you see above is my #1 go-to outfit in the fall, winter and spring. It […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pj Sets, Blue Platform Shoes, Gold Pumps Shoes, High Rise Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 17, 2014  Hope your day off was a bit more productive than mine- unfortunately I haven’t been able to set foot outside due to the thunder blizzard that has taken over Chicago. Luckily though, this gave me plenty of time to do some online shopping damage. I felt it my duty to bring to your attention the astonishing amount of amazing shoes that are now on sale (up to 40% off!) at Nordstrom.com. Snap up these beauties before they’re gone- all perfect for spring. Whenever it actually decides to arrive.  !function(){function rs_shopping_widget_98488() {setTimeout(function() {try {var transport = new easyXDM.Socket({remote:"http://www.currentlyobsessed.me/api/v1/get_widget?wp=31|the+golden+girl+blog|98488",container: document.getElementById("rs-shopping-widget-98488"),swf: "http://www.currentlyobsessed.me/js/easyXDM-2.4.15.118/easyxdm.swf",onMessage: function(message, origin) {this.container.getElementsByTagName("iframe")[0].style.width = "100%";this.container.getElementsByTagName("iframe")[0].style.height = message + "px";var d = parent.document.getElementById("rs-shopping-widget-98488");var d_nested = document.getElementById("rs-intro-loader");if (d_nested) {var throwawayNode = d.removeChild(d_nested)}}});} catch(e) {rs_shopping_widget_98488();}}, 100);}rs_shopping_widget_98488();}();  Filed Under: Style  
Samantha says  February 21, 2014 at 8:04 pm Great picks! I just bought the Dolce Vita Cambria Sandals in black + tan. I can’t wait for the weather to get warmer in Chicago so I can wear them  .~Samantha 
jess keys says  February 24, 2014 at 3:03 pm Right? I’m not sure it will ever get warmer but I’m going to start wearing spring sandals regardless! I LOVE those Dolce Vita ones! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Candles, Lingerie Panties, Lace Bralettes, Denim Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 27, 2018   Snag my PJ’s on sale here–if you’re in between, go with a size down. They also come in long sleeve/pants version!  If you’ve been reading this blog or hanging out with me on Instagram for ANY period of time (like longer than 24 hours ?) you know that I am a HUGE fan of PJ’s. Not like, ratty old college t-shirt pj’s–I mean, super soft, luxurious, chic pajamas that make you feel like a real sophisticated grown-up. (Which is good, because despite the fact that I still think I’m a child–I am, in fact, 30 now.) I owe my love of nice pajamas to my Grannie, who owned several pairs of beautiful silk pajamas that she sewed herself. She had a couple pairs in pink, a couple in blue, and a beautiful turquoise. I loved them so much, she made me a few pairs, too! My favorite memories of her are sitting at the table drinking her coffee (black, because during the war when sugar was rationed, she had to choose between baking pies and putting sugar in her coffee–she chose the pies!) in her silk PJ’s and bathrobe. That love of pajamas was passed right on down to me, and I’ve realized it’s not really a bandwagon that everyone has jumped on yet–but I can’t recommend it enough. You don’t know relaxation until you change into your favorite matching pajamas with a facemask and a good book. Ahhhh. In all honesty though, I think of pajamas as self-care. They are my guilty pleasure and they give me so much joy. A nice pair of pajamas not only feels great, but it also makes you feel really pulled together. They are also essential if you’re ever staying overnight–say, staying with relatives, renting a house with friends. You’ll look presentable in front of others even if you haven’t showered and brushed your hair yet! The pair I’m wearing here is my new favorite. I got them as part of the Nordstrom sale and I’ve already worn them probably (I’m not exaggerating) 14 times ? The best $35 you’ll ever spend! They come in a pants version as well! Apparently they’re your favorites too, because these guys are one of your most popular purchases over the past couple of weeks! If these aren’t your style, don’t worry. I’m also rounding up 15 more pairs you’ll love. Many of which are on sale too! Keep scrolling to the graphic below to shop them all.     Filed Under: Advice, Lifestyle, Style  
Kim says  July 27, 2018 at 10:07 am I love this! I need to step up my game from my granny nightgowns hahaha Kim http://trendkeeper.me .. Swim Week style! 
bianca says  July 27, 2018 at 10:12 am love a good PJ! i think i got into it after seeing kourtney kardashian wearing nice ones a lot. i was put off for a while by the prices of the ones i wanted, but target has a great selection and was a great place to start out with nice sets so i was more comfortable expanding my collection (knowing it’d be worth it, etc.) 
Katie says  July 27, 2018 at 4:01 pm I’ve recently been really into sleep chemises. So comfy and cute. And a fun word! 
Lisa Debora says  July 28, 2018 at 3:47 am Wow, that’s a pretty outfit! Of course, you look gorgeous!      https://www.onfashionshop.com/ 
Anayesha Awasthi says  July 29, 2018 at 12:43 pm I have always been a sucker for comfy yet stylish PJs, and I am loving the one you are wearing so much!
Keep sharing more such content  
Anayesha Awasthi says  July 29, 2018 at 12:44 pm I have always been a sucker for comfy yet stylish PJs, and I am loving the one you are wearing so much! 
Kelsey says  July 29, 2018 at 5:45 pm I love the story about your grandma choosing pies over sugar in coffee. I hope to someday to reach the level of sewing my own silk pajamas–sounds like she knew the power of self-care! Until then, I’ll splurge on Eberjey’s p.j.’s.  
Sara says  July 29, 2018 at 9:15 pm I couldn’t agree more! My friends always tease me for owning nice pajamas, but they’re such a gamechanger! Soooo comfy! I own the Nordstrom Moonlight pajamas in pink and they are to die for ??? 
TARUN says  July 4, 2019 at 12:35 pm I like how your granny looked into the future, that one day you write a article dedicated to her on Pajamas. Though you look beautiful in those PJs. […] is so incredibly odd. I have SO many pairs of cute pajamas (shop them in this post!) but I don’t own any “loungewear.” I got rid of all of my oversized sweatpants, etc from […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Printed Jumpsuits, Black Heel Wedges, High Waisted Flare Pants, Sam Edelman Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 23, 2015   Shop this look: Sweater: c/o Meijer (available in store–similar online here // Scarf: c/o Meijer (available in-store, similar online here) // Hat: c/o Meijer (available in store–similar online here) // Boots: Andre Assous // Jeans: Henry & Belle   




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Happy Monday, friends! (And a short week Monday at that!)  We made it through the first snow storm of the season here in Chicago. I totally complained about it but secretly love the sight and feel of freshly fallen snow! (Remind me of these words in February, okay?) I feel like it’s truly the holiday season now.  Last week (was it last week? It seems like 8 years ago) I did this fun shoot with Maya, Arin, and Emily for Wandeleur–one of my very favorite websites! Can you believe this sweater, hat, and scarf are from Meijer? I didn’t even know they had clothes!   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

We shot in the park right outside of Neal’s old building–it brought back some good memories, and it was the perfect fall day! (Gimme ALL of the leaves!)  Anyway, I hope you guys are getting excited for something big coming later today. (Fingers crossed.) Stay tuned, you won’t want to miss this!      Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Carly says  November 23, 2015 at 10:16 am LOVE the green socks!!! My pants are never long enough so I can appreciate a fun pop of sock. Great look girlie!
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Jess says  November 23, 2015 at 7:25 pm Oh thannnnkkkkss girlfranddd! 
Liz Pinkham says  November 23, 2015 at 2:04 pm um these pictures are gorgeous!! i need to learn you girls’ ways  love! 
Jess says  November 23, 2015 at 7:24 pm I can’t take credit, it was all Emily  But the lighting was PERFECT! 
Ruth Xu says  November 23, 2015 at 7:17 pm I love the photos, it’s like I’m looking in a high-fashion magazine.
http://www.arcteryxsale.com 
Ruth Xu says  November 23, 2015 at 7:24 pm Wonderful post  you have such a great blog! http://windittight.com/alexander-mcqueen/ 
Jess says  November 23, 2015 at 7:24 pm Thank youso much, Ruth! You are the sweetest!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Clutches, Gold Pumps Shoes, White Sandals, Red Rompers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 27, 2018   Pants: c/o Everlane Italian Go-Weave Easy Pants–also come in black and navy (if you’re looking for more work pants, I also got “The Work Ankle Pant“, which I’ll be styling in a blog post soon, and they’re really cute and flattering on!) Sweater: c/o Everlane ($68!) Comes in multiple colors, and also a crewneck version for $55! It’s super soft and runs TTS. Loafers: Gucci Brixton Loafers (Yes, they’re worth the splurge!) Sam Edelman makes a really amazing dupe pair (I have ’em in leopard print!) Tote: Madewell Transport Tote Trench: London Fog (runs a big large, wearing XS)–it’s one of my favorite purchases ever! The removable liner makes it extra warm, and I love that the hood is detachable. (They also have a single-breasted version, it’s on sale!) LOFT also has the cutest trench right now as well as Abercrombie! Earrings: c/o Baublebar Lipstick: RMS Beauty “RMS Red” Sunnies: Ray Ban You guys know that when you ask for my help with something I go into Inspector Gadget mode. So, when I heard from so many of you that you wanted more office wardrobe inspiration and help with filling your closet with staples that will work for both your 9-5 AND the weekend–obviously I started sniffing around the “workwear” sections of my favorite sites and ordering some business casual wear. (This, despite the fact that I have not actually worked in a business casual environment for 8 years. So, please keep this in mind. I encourage you to improvise as necessary to tailor any of my outfits for your own work setting! Everyone’s office dress code seems to vary so much these days!) I didn’t have to sniff around very long, because my search pretty much started and ended with–where else am I shopping these days? Everlane. Every staple they make really just knocks it out of the park. I ordered two pair of pants–the “work” ankle pant, which I will be styling in another post, and the Italian Go-Weave Easy Pant, which you see here today! Both are amazing and definitely deserve to score a place in your closet. The latter, though, is what I’m styling today. Let me tell you, they’re like super chic Thanksgiving sweatpants that you could wear to a board meeting. (Joey would be proud.) They are so comfortable, I’m planning to wear them on the plane to New York next week for my 6am flight! (More on that later, I need to fill you in on a cool project in the works!) These pants look adorable with heels and a slinky top for a date night, they look awesome with a button-down and pumps for work. They’re great for accountants, lawyers, teachers (even dance teachers–you can move in them!), advertising executives, stay at home moms, work from home moms, photographers…you get it! If you don’t wear a uniform to work, but have to look nice, or on the contrary, really just care about being comfortable–yeah, these are the pants for you. Sizing tip: They’re supposed to be loose, so I would say they do run true to size, but if you’re in doubt you may want to err on the side of sizing down. (I probablllyy could’ve gone with a size smaller?) I also love this olive color. It’s a nice switch up from the usual black and navy, although, they do come in those colors too! (I may have to get myself a black pair…) To be honest I’m planning to include these in my upcoming business capsule wardrobe so you’ll see them styled many times over, but, for their debut, I wanted to style them in a way that would work for a ton of different occasions in and outside the office, so I chose this adorable striped boatneck sweater–it’s a cotton weave so it’s a really nice, soft, light weight for spring! (Obviously it’s striped, so that wins it lot’s of brownie points ?) I really like the boatneck neckline because it’s a little bit different and gives off a more sophisticated vibe–at least, I think so ? I also added these fun statement earrings because, why not? They’re from Baublebar (one of my favorite places for cute earrings) and Neal affectionately refers to them as “the hamburger earrings” because he swears the top looks like a bun, the middle circles are the patty and the cheese, and the bottom is the bottom bun…? (I’m not sure what the last dangling circle is but….who knows…maybe a pickle? ?) These loafers have obviously been a go-to ever since Neal surprised me with them for Christmas–they truly are so so comfortable but if they aren’t in your budget, not to worry–because these Sam Edelman dupes are also adorable and also extremely comfortable! Okay. I have to admit, I am up late night writing this post and it’s time for bed because my eyes are starting to cross–I’m hopping offline until tomorrow, but I hope you’ve enjoyed this magical pants discovery as much as I have ?     Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Meaghan says  February 27, 2018 at 7:12 am Love the look! Thank you for all the feedback on Everlane pieces – it’s so nice to get a good review of such a style brand! 
Hannah says  March 3, 2018 at 12:25 am I just ordered the J Crew Factory Drapey Pull On Pant, which is very similar! I’m excited to see how they look on and hope they’re as cute as these Everlane ones! 
Cynthia Archer says  March 22, 2018 at 8:25 am I found the J Crew Drapey Pull On Pant at J Crew Factory Outlet, great price and they look great. As a teacher, I want to look pulled together but, can’t wear pants that are too tight… Thank you for the suggestion. 
pmah says  July 24, 2018 at 11:33 am Been deciding whether or not to get those pant for work! What size are you wearing? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Pj Sets, Short Sleeve Blouses, Modest Dresses, Designer Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 3, 2014   Years ago, I would have told you that I had no patience for stores like TJ Maxx. Weeding through racks and racks of last season’s clothes to find one hidden gem is not an ideal way to spend time for a girl who has arguably less patience than a 10 year old. I can tell you, though, in confidence, that times have changed. There was no rack perusing, and I wanted to buy everything in sight.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 When TJ Maxx asked me to partner with them for the fall launch of several high-end Chicago stores, I jumped at the chance, and couldn’t wait to see what was behind the doors of their new Canal street location. Would it be the experience I had stuck in my head long ago? Or would it be a new, life changing way to shop? It was the second one. Definitely the second one. Let’s chat about this for a second. Everything I’m wearing here is from TJ Maxx! Neal had to practically drag me out of the store (side note: but not before he bought an amazing Ralph Lauren Blazer!). While I may have spent $250 over my own budget, I saved over 50% of what I would have paid regular price! My favorite? My new Pour La Victoire booties for $169. (Originally $300!) I am. Officially. A Maxxinista.    Dress: Equipment | Kimono: One Clothing (c/o) | Shoes: Pour La Victoire (c/o) | Bag: Pulicati | Lipstick: ELF | Watch: Daniel Wellington|  This shoot ended up being one of my favorites. Although the weather is still well above what I would define as “cool”, you couldn’t deny the air of fall in the park. The pretty sunset, warm breeze, and cute little crabapples falling from the trees. (Or maybe I just REALLY want it to be cold enough to wear these boots everyday?)    So, if you’re a Chicago gal, get into a TJMaxx ASAP to see what amazing finds there really are! The Michigan Avenue location opens tomorrow, September 4th, and a little birdy told me it’s going to knock your socks off. Check out the below for all store opening details. Not in Chitown? No worries, you can shop from anywhere, online!   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jess Zimlich says  September 3, 2014 at 2:32 pm The lighting in these photos is perfection and so is that kimono. Finding goodies at TJMaxx takes time, but I’ve always found it to be worth it! 
Maria MacNamara says  September 3, 2014 at 10:57 pm You look so pretty, Jess! Love this post.  
Emily says  September 8, 2014 at 8:03 pm Those Pour La Victoire booties are the BEST!  Those are definitely on my list now.  I just found your blog and I love it!  I’m also a mid-twenties gal from IL, but my husband and I just moved to Seattle.  Hope to stay in touch! Emily<a href="http://www.emilyannestyle.com">emilyannestyle.com</a&gt; 
Emily says  September 8, 2014 at 8:05 pm Agh!  Embarrassing link fail.  Ah, well.   
jess keys says  September 19, 2014 at 3:52 pm Hahah omg I don’t know why I’m just seeing this. I’ve totally done that before! Don’t worry, I can never figure that stupid embedded URL thing out  I’m so glad you found me! And I LOVEEE Seattle. I hope you like it as much as I did! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Short Sleeve Dresses, Mules, Silver Sandal Heels, Blue Cocktail Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 17, 2018  Happy Wednesday guys! Have you had a good week so far? Mine has been very uneventful but kind of stressful. You know those weeks where you seem to work a lot but feel like you’ve accomplished nothing? ? Yeah, it’s one of those! Luckily, I had an excuse to get out of the house last night and I rode my bike to Beatnik (it’s JUST as instagrammable in person as it is on, well, Instagram, haha!) for an event with Hilton Aruba. It was fun to meet the team and learn about their beautiful hotel. Have you been to Aruba? It’s been on our list for awhile but I’ve yet to make it there! After stalking them on Expedia it definitely got bumped up a few notches. (Sounds like a good place to spend…all of February? ?) Anyway, I finally got around to snapping some photos of the Nordstrom purchases I made online that have started rolling in. Some of the items I got are sold out, so I won’t post those here and I will hold off posting them until Friday when the sale goes public if they get restocked (and most of them will, I’m guessing!) If you click on something you love and don’t see your size, I can’t stress the importance of checking back often. They are constantly restocking different sizes all day everyday, and then they get snapped up again. So just be patient and vigilant, haha! Reminder: Right now, the sale is only available to Nordstrom cardholders. If you’re not familiar, head over the this post and I’ll explain how it works! If you aren’t a cardholder and are waiting until Friday to shop the sale, don’t worry! They re-stock a LOT of stuff when the sale goes public. Just make a note of what you like and then check back as soon as you can on Friday morning (midnight PST, to be exact) and it might be fully stocked again! Ready to try some stuff on? Let’s go!  Stocking alert: Okay, from yesterday when I took these photos, these shirt has gone from fully out of stock in every color, to fully stocked in several different colors, to back out of stock again. It gets re-stocked often but it goes FAST. (Like, faster than anything else I’ve seen go, haha!) So if you click on the link and it’s sold out, check back often. You’ll probably be able to snag it if you’re vigilant enough! Anyway, this top is SO super soft. I ordered it in two different colors! It’s going to be a major staple in fall and winter! Sizing: I’m wearing a small here. I wanted it to be a little more oversized than usual, so I sized up. I’d say order your normal size or go up a size for more room. A lot of the most popular styles of jeans went so fast during the sale (I originally wanted a Citizens of Humanity pair but by the time I could finally check out they were gone!) so then I meticulously sorted through every other style of jeans left and settled on these. I haven’t worn Joe’s in years but they were a brand I bought often a few years ago and I always loved them. Turns out, they’re still amazing! What I love about them: They’re high-waisted (10″ front rise). A really great in-between blue (I really only had dark skinnies so I was looking for a good medium blue color) and the ankles aren’t TOO terribly tight, but they aren’t too loose either. The best part about them is that they’ve got an amazing amount of stretch in them and they’re very soft. So they really hug you in all the right places and have the perfect amount of give. I’m 5’6 and they hit me right above the ankle. Sizing: Run TTS and are very stretchy. They don’t run big by any means but they do stretch a lot (but without stretching OUT, if you know what I mean) so order your regular size.  I thought the color of these boots was so pretty and different from the standard brown or black that you find yourself wearing over and over in the fall and winter! They are also very comfortable–and especially roomy in the toe, which is nice because sometimes with thicker socks a lot of boots get tight in the toes! The heel is an awesome in-between height that is great for day or night, and the stitching is very high quality. The best part is that all Blondo boots are waterproof, so you can wear these rain, snow, or shine! Sizing: True to size–make sure when you try them on you have regular socks on (I had thinner socks on and then had to remember that I don’t wear super thin ankle socks in the winter!) These live up to the hype, for sure, but everyone compares them to the Lululemon Align leggings and they are truly NOTHING like the Align leggings. Are they as good? Yes, but they’re different. These are made of a much more substantial material. Which I will argue is more flattering than the Align pants because this holds you in better, making them way more suitable for more high intensity workouts vs. just wearing around the house and doing yoga. The Align pants feel like you’re naked (you really can’t feel them at all) and these definitely feel like PANTS. But why are we hating on pants? They aren’t bad! ? Bottom line, you can’t beat the quality and fit of these pants for the price. Really, you can’t. They are probably the most flattering leggings/workout pants I’ve found and I’m contemplating scooping up another pair. Sizing: Run TTS. Also high-waisted. (Hit right above my belly button). YASSS.  I LOVE this sweater! It makes me feel so chic and seventies! It has a v-neck (which makes it very flattering and versatile. I never wear crewneck sweaters out at night because they feel too grandma-ish) and the bell sleeves make it really fun and more special than your average sweater. What you can’t see (it’s tucked in, sorry, I should’ve done a snap of it tucked out. But you can see videos on my insta stories!) is that it’s shorter in the front than it is in the back, which is another fun touch. I also love this color (t’s almost like mustard and olive had a baby?) and it keeps going in and out of stock. So make sure to check back often. My GUESS is that it will also be re-stocked on Friday but I guess we’ll find out, won’t we? Material: This is a good sweater for early fall. It isn’t heavy, it definitely has a texture to it, which I like. If you’re one of those people with sensitive skin who can only withstand insanely soft material, this likely isn’t your sweater, but I would never describe it as scratchy. It’s normal. Sizing: TTS, wearing XS!  I would probably dub these “most fun purchase” of the Nordstrom sale so far–I’ve been looking for a pair of jeans like this for awhile–I LOVE the fact that they’re cropped and flared, high waisted and the prettiest color of blue. They just make any outfit look SO much cooler, don’t you think!? Sizing: Run true to size! High waisted with an 11″ front rise (they’re higher than the Joe’s pair above!) I’d say they have SOME stretch, but not a ton.  Okay, so, don’t kill me–BUT these boots are pretty much sold out in THIS COLOR only–they’re very much stocked in every other color (but this color I will bet gets re-stocked on Friday when the sale goes public!) I like these boots a lot–I love the way they look, the stitching is beautiful, they’re high quality and I like that they come in lot’s of colors! My one watch-out with these–and not a deal breaker by any means, I suppose it depends on your preference of socks–just make sure that you’re wearing socks that cover the top of your ankle, because the zipper on the outside ankle will rub you if you’re wearing super low ankle socks! (I probably wouldn’t notice this normally but I tried them on without socks here ?) Sizing: Run TTS. I’m wearing my normal size–8!  I have always been the one friend who owns nothing appropriate for things like going out for bachelorette parties, girls nights out on the town, etc. Nothing in my closet will work for Vegas. If you feel the same way–this dress is for you. It’s 100% perfect for any “going out” events you have, yet your Grandma won’t have a heart attack when she sees you tagged on Facebook. It’s sexy, but classy. That’s a HARD line to toe–and this dress does it well for an INSANE price. Sizing: True to size if you want it tight, I might consider going up a size if you want it slightly less form fitting. (Granted take that with a grain of salt because I did just get back from Italy so the extra smalls are fitting a bit more snug these days if you know what I mean ?)  I already own this jacket in a light blue suede (styled here!) and I love it so much that I knew I wanted to snap up this pretty burgundy version as soon as I saw it! The suede truly feels like a $500 jacket and like the boots, I think that burgundy is a really nice alternative to regular old black and brown. Sizing: True to size, I’m wearing a small which is what I always wear in jackets. (I have broad shoulders ?).  I absolutely LOVE this sweater. It comes in several colors and it keeps going in and out of stock in the green. But black is still fully stocked (I’m actually adding the black to my cart as we speak). And I would put money on the fact that it will be the most versatile sweater you buy all year. (Especially if  you buy it in black. But I was like a moth to a flame with this forest green–I love dark greens!) First of all, I LOVE that it’s ballerina inspired–it’s feminine, it’s dainty, and best of all, it can work during the day OR for a date night due to it’s v-neckline–but not too low that it won’t work for the office. (As long as you don’t work in an ultra-conservative environment). Material: This is actually way softer than I would expect a $39 sweater to feel. One of the reviewers says that she’s a girl with sensitive skin and that it’s scratchy–I would say she cray ? Sizing: I’m wearing an XS here, which is my regular size, but if you’d like it slouchier than this you could size up!   HAHA ok I know this isn’t a try-on photo but obviously I wasn’t going to TRY IT ON and take a picture ? (not that any men read this blog anyway but, you know, can’t be having THAT on the internet!) I have been looking for this kind of bra FOR-EVER–I wanted a “barely there” wireless bralette that actually had a substantial lining (i.e. I wanted to be able to wear it with a t-shirt without fear of any show-through). And I also wanted the band to be substantial enough to where the back wouldn’t ride up all the time–this is IT! I’d been waiting to try the Thirdlove wireless bra but A. it’s always sold out and B. it’s really ugly with that weird cutout thingy. This is WAY better and like 1/5th of the price! (It says best for A-C cups. So sorry I KNOW this doesn’t apply to everybody!!!) but it’s the most comfortable bra I’ve ever tried and you really cannot beat the price. I also like that the back is adjustable like a normal bra so it’s more customizable and also doesn’t make me feel like a little girl pulling on a training bralette over my head. ? Another really great part about it (and actually, some people in the reviews knocked it for this. So maybe they didn’t appreciate it for what it was or the way the bra is cut just wasn’t the right fit for them) is that it’s cut deeper in the sides than other bras, meaning that the bottom of the bra doesn’t come up and show when you’re wearing a sleeveless shirt or dress that has lower cut arm holes. So I guess I would say if you really need support in the sides, don’t get this bra–but otherwise, it’s truly amazing! Sizing: True to size, follow the size chart listed on the site. For my girls who need a new bra with better support: This Natori bra has almost 700 FIVE STAR reviews and it’s also included in the sale ($47–down from $72!)–they have sizes up to G! Filed Under: Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Outfits, Style  
Allie says  July 18, 2018 at 6:30 am I love the waffle Henley it is so cozy looking! That’s my perfect kind of garnet for fall, soft and lightweight but still warm.
Thank you for the great finds all around, xAllie
http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Yellow Bikinis, Slipper Flats, Short Sleeve Blouses, Navy Leggings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 11, 2014       



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Coat: Sanctuary, from my favorite local boutique, Vintage Charm // Skirt: Topshop (similar below) // Turtleneck: Forever21 (Similar below) // Necklace and watch: My mom’s // Shoes: Piperlime // Bag: Vintage  Shop This Post I’m going to keep this extra short and sweet today because I just found out that my BEST FRIEND IS HAVING HER BABY!! (You’ll remember her baby shower from Instagram.) I’m currently jumping up and down, screaming, and trying to figure out the fastest way to get to Cincinnati. Does Mega Bus have frequent rider miles? I’m going to be keeping them in business from now out. I can’t wait to meet little peanut Harper Rylie! For more updates, be sure to follow along on Instagram  Photos by Kelly & Blair Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Gold And Silver Jewelry, Wide Leg Jeans, Black Booties Heels, Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 15, 2019     Pants: Treasure and Bond c/o Nordstrom (run TTS, wearing size 0) Shirt: Treasure and Bond c/o Nordstrom–wearing XS–true to size but supposed to be boxy (also comes in plus!), Sunnies: Ray Ban, Sneakers c/o: Tretorn, available at Nordstrom–run TTS!  Okay friends–take note. These are going to be your new favorite pants that you LIVE IN this summer. This is only my second pair of cropped pants, but I swear to you–they are going to be one of the most versatile purchases you make this season.  I suppose I should back up and give some context. Last week before my Mexico trip I placed a big Nordstrom order–by the way–do you know they offer SAME DAY DELIVERY at certain Nordstrom locations?! LIFE CHANGING! Yes, this post is sponsored by Nordstrom but NO they didn’t even ASK me to say this. I just want to shout it from the rooftops! ? Anyway–I selected this pair specifically in preparation for my trip to the Patron Hacienda in Guadalajara (best trip ever, more on that soon, I promise!) and I wanted a pair of pants that were breezy (obviously, it’s pretty warm in Mexico this time of year) but really comfortable (for the plane) and also stylish yet respectable (it was a work trip, after all!) They’re made by Treasure & Bond, which is a Nordstrom brand that I’ve always shopped, yet I’d never purchased a pair of pants made by them so I wasn’t sure what to expect.  First, they are the most amazing weight–they are a linen/cotton blend, so you get the breeziness of linen with the softness of cotton. They’re the *perfect* travel pant–plus, they still look professional, so you can totally wear them with a loafer for the office as well! Paired with sneakers (you know I LIVE in these)–they make the perfect comfy chic travel outfit. For a date night, just throw on a slinky camisole and a pair of wedges, and you’re good to go! (I LOVE these comfy wedges, also made by Treasure and Bond!)  Second, I can’t believe I didn’t know this before–but on the tag, I noticed that every Treasure & Bond purchase provides educational resources or programming to young students across North America through their partnership with WE Schools‘ service learning programs! How cool is that!?  (And no, Nordstrom didn’t ask me to say that. Nordstrom didn’t even tell me to write about Treasure & Bond! ?)  They don’t just make great quality clothes at great prices–they’re helping kids! As if I needed another reason to shop more. ? And speaking of great clothes–they happen to also make the button-down I’m wearing! To be honest, I’m not sure what my deal is, but I’ve never owned a short sleeved button down. (Weird? Yes!) What took me so long? I’m not sure–but I’m glad I invested in this one–it’s incredibly lightweight, again, making it ideal for summer and summer travel. Had I brought this to Italy, it probably would’ve been my most worn top of the trip! (Also comes in plus size!)  You can tie it at the front like I did, or you can button it fully through and do the front tuck! I also love it paired with jeans or jean shorts! Speaking of…     I ordered this pair of jean shorts to test out (because I know you guys are always looking for affordable *not too long* jean shorts!)–and I LOVE them. Highly recommend! I ordered my normal size–25–and they fit TTS.  I actually wore this tee on the plane with the pants I’m wearing here! (When I said they were great travel pants, I meant it! ?) It comes in tons of colors but I love the striped one, obvi. It’s another Nordstrom brand, Caslon, which I shop VERY often! They make the best comfy basics! I got XS.  I had tried the Vince Camuto ones and thought they were uncomfortable (RETURN!), so then ordered this Treasure & Bond pair and give them two thumbs up! They are so comfortable (and don’t make you feel like you’re going to roll your ankle!) I love the brown color that goes well with everything!  Okay HELLO travel *staple*–you guys will love these linen joggers, also by Caslon. Again, add these to the list of things I could’ve used on my Italy trip last year. They come in tons of colors and they are so comfy but chic at the same time. I wore these on the plane ride home!  I’ve found that I’ve been gravitating toward midi dresses more and more lately. Reason being: they are worry free. Seriously! You don’t have to worry about them blowing up in the wind, or worry they’re going to flash someone if you bend over or sit down. They are the best! I got this adorable dress from BP in mustard and I can’t wait to wear it! ?? PSA #1: These are all Nordstrom-made brands, which means, right now–you can earn DOUBLE Nordstrom points by purchasing them if you happen to be a Nordy Club member! Huzzah! (You can shop all Nordstrom brands right here!) PSA #2: The Nordstrom Spring sale is on!! You can save 50 (FIFTY!) percent on BP, Topshop, Madewell, JCrew, Reformation, and more! (Linking a few favorites below!)     This post brought to you in partnership with Nordstrom and ShopStyle. All opinions are 110% my own. Thank you for supporting the brands I love so much, and the partnerships that allow me to keep creating the best possible content for you–my girls!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sweater Cardigans, Short Sleeved Blouses, Graphic Sweatshirts, Silver Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 30, 2012   party night getup   the fabulous crew i get to work with everyday   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 pit stop at chelsea market to enjoy a drink and some appetizers This past week I was lucky enough (thanks to my fab job) to earn a quick trip to New York City to attend a party for the Oxygen Network. I was only there for about 12 hours, but crammed in plenty of activity to make it yet another amazing visit to my favorite city. I crammed about 15 different outfit variations into my carryon, but eventually settled on an outfit similar to the above: black harem pants, a cream blouse, black suede pumps with black and gold stud earrings. I topped my look off with a slicked back topknot bun (I didn’t actually have time to blow-dry and curl it as we wanted to squeeze in a happy hour visit to Chelsea Market prior to the party).   My quick trip obviously wanting more of Manhattan, but I was back at work a mere few hours after the party ended. Needless to say after half a dozen cups of coffee to get me through the day,  the weekend couldn’t come fast enough!  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Knit Dresses, Grey Sweatpants, Black Heel Wedges, Tassel Earrings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 2, 2015   Jacket: Stock MFG Navy Superdanger Jacket (waitlisted but also love this one) // Popover:  Stock MFG // Watch: Shinola // Jeans: Banana Republic // Shoes: Cole Haan  You guys have probably heard me joke that Neal is more stylish than I am. (Although, jokes aside, it’s completely true.)  One thing we both love is finding local brands who are doing everything right. (And then I gush about them on the internet, because, you know, that’s my thing.) 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

One of these brands is Stock Manufacturing–a company we discovered at Dose Market a couple years ago, when he bought this navy jacket. They’re a local group of Chicago guys who wanted to fill the gap between well made menswear and affordable clothing, so they opened up their own factory in Chicago, and in turn, helped create more jobs for people in the Windy City. Since then, Neal’s been drawn to their outerwear and shirts, like this popover, in particular.  In a word, they’re pretty awesome. And so are their clothes. Perfect for any fall date night, guys-night, and you know, pretty much anything in between.  So if your guy is desperately needed to build a wardrobe of incredibly well-made, affordable, upgraded classics, this company is everything and more. (They also have an awesome store in the West Loop!)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Another one of Neal’s favorite brands worth noting? Shinola. Another midwestern brand based in Detroit, which has made quite a name for themselves in the way of quality watches. We both love their vintage-inspired aesthetic, as well as the story behind their products handmade in Detroit.  Other favorites of Neal’s, although not small or local, are Banana Republic jeans (their vintage straight in the dark wash, which fit perfectly and don’t break the bank!) and Cole Haan derby shoes.     Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Carly says  November 2, 2015 at 11:07 am As I often say….DAAYYYUUUUMMMM NEAL! I need to bring Stefan to Chicago for some of these stores! 
Jessica Lynna says  November 3, 2015 at 1:00 pm My fiance loves Shinola!! Probably because he was born and raised in Detroit, and if there is one thing Detroit people are, it’s loyal to their city!! Love the blog post  xoxo
Jessica
http://jessicalynna.com 
Kelly in the City says  November 3, 2015 at 1:56 pm OMG NEAL YOU ARE KILLING IT. You stud. xoxo to both of you. Cutest couple ever. Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Liz Pinkham says  November 3, 2015 at 10:16 pm stud muffffinnn! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White And Black Blouses, Tan Maxi Dresses, Straw Bags, Frayed Shorts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 19, 2017  Silk Button-Down Shirt: c/o Everlane (comes in so many colors!) // Jeans: J.Brand Maria in ‘Bluebird’ wash. They come in lot’s of other colors, too! If you’re looking for more high-waisted jeans, these Levi’s are my other favorite pair // Bag: c/o Lo & Sons (it’s a camera bag, if you can believe it!) Hat: Hinge from Nordstrom // Oxfords: c/o Everlane (I have the Blush color, but they come in lot’s of other colors, too–make sure to size up!) I also love their loafers, and I just got their new “Day” heels which are perhaps the most comfortable shoes I’ve ever worn.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 A month or so ago (okay it was probably two months ago. JEEZE how time flies!) Neal and I spent a quick couple of days in LA. I was very excited about this for two reasons: the biggest one being, I had forgotten what sunlight looked like (ugh, Chicago winter) and felt like, and 2. I used to live here, and hadn’t been back since college! So, the last time I was in LA, things were very different. Let me set the scene for you. After my Sophomore year, I spent the summer here with my best friend Alex. Her dad had pulled some strings and gotten us two internships at a Santa Monica PR firm, and we rented a teeny one-bedroom apartment in Westwood (where UCLA’s campus is). Two broke teenagers thinking they ran the town and more often than not had granola bars and a vodka soda for “dinner” on weekends. Our furniture consisted of one rented couch, coffee table, and king sized bed that we literally shared from June through August. (Do you think it’s weird to live with your best friend for three months and share a bed every night? In hindsight: yes, this was strange.) Alex is hands-down my smallest friend, so the fact that she drove a gigantic black Lincoln Navigator (which we all lovingly referred to as “The Nav”) and could barely see over the steering wheel made her that much funnier. To get to our parking spot, we had to go through this 15 minute ordeal where we had to do a three point turn, almost taking out several other cars in the process, and back the behemoth Nav down a very narrow alley to get out to the street. Imagine two 19 year olds doing this every day to get to work. (Actually, I was 20, Alex was 18. She’s younger. So together we averaged about 19 years of age.) So, you get it. This current trip to LA was kind of night and day! Anyway, we were there because Neal started covering California for work this year (he’s in sales) so I figured, why not tag along? I love traveling with him on work trips–we go our separate ways during the day and meet back up for drinks and dinner at night. It’s the perfect setup! Here are some of our favorite LA spots we hit while we were there.   Our first stop in LA was dinner at The Honor Bar–known for its burgers and this famous chicken sandwich with kale slaw I’d heard so much about! We were with Neal’s boss, Sean, so we ordered a bunch of things to split! We started with the kale salad (Fresh herbs & roasted peanut vinaigrette). Let me go into more detail here and tell you I’m not a salad person. I don’t particularly like kale–raw or cooked–unless it’s in a green smoothie and I’m not able to taste it. But based on our server’s recommendation, we ordered it, and omg. It’s probably one of the best salads I’ve ever eaten! Even if you’re not a greens lover, get it. You won’t be sorry!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 We also shared the Ding’s Crispy Chicken Sandwich (Crispy chicken, sliced tomato, baby Swiss & dressed kale–yum), the Honor Burger (with cheddar and tomato topped with slaw–equally as amazing) and the carnitas sandwich (which I’d honestly skip next time) and of course, fries. Funny enough, they’re also known for their sushi. Random? Tip: Arrive early to put your name in. The place is tiny and gets very busy! We waited for about 25 minutes for our table on a Wednesday night.    Two adorable and “very LA” coffee shops. If you’re a frequent instagrammer, you’re likely already familiar with Alfred’s, but Verve, in West Hollywood, was a recommendation by my high school bestie, Alex. I headed here to get some work done in the AM. It’s an adorable space with outdoor seating and really good cold brew! Where we stayed on our last trip to LA. Neal typically stays in Beverly Hills for work because it’s centrally located, but even if you aren’t there for work, it’s a great spot to stay on vacation for this very reason if you’re looking to hit a lot of different neighborhoods during your visit. Finding a reasonably priced hotel anywhere in LA though, is another story. You wouldn’t think that ritzy Beverly Hills would boast some affordable housing, but it does if you know where to look! The key, if you’re trying to save money, is to find the smaller boutique hotels without pools. (Pools=jacked up prices!) We were there in the winter, so it was too chilly for the pool anyway, and besides, we wanted to get out and explore. Pool prices=not necessary. Anyway, we’d highly recommend The Crescent. It was probably the cutest hotel I’ve ever stayed in, and they include a really nice breakfast spread with your room charge. They don’t have free wifi, but if you purchase it for 24 hours, you get two free beverages from the bar–so that’s pretty cool.   Alex (she still live in LA!) and I had drinks on the rooftop here–it has an awesome view of the city and the cocktails were great! We got free wifi and it was a great place to get some work done and have a few cocktails! The pool also looks unreal–if we go back and want some time to just lounge, we’d definitely look into staying here! If you love tacos and margaritas, Petty Cash is a must! The food was amazing, the ambiance was really fun, and the drinks were strong and delicious. It also won’t break your wallet, which is always refreshing on vacation  When asking anyone for restaurant recommendations in LA, you won’t NOT hear Gjelina listed among everyone’s top favorites. It’s a super popular spot in Venice Beach serving up delicious pizzas, fresh veggies, with organic, farm-to-table ingredients. This was our last meal in Venice and it didn’t disappoint! Go with whatever your server recommends, and you can’t go wrong! Make sure to get at least a few veggie sides!  Growing up an Arizona kid in my middle school and high school years, I frequented In-N-Out on a weekly basis. It might be the thing I miss most about Arizona other than the weather. If you go to California and have never had it before, you are required by me to stop and order an Animal style cheeseburger. This little strip of restaurants and shops has been named “the coolest street in the world” by GQ and probably 100 other publications. It’s adorable and bustling with fun things to see, do, and taste. A word to the wise: You do NOT NEED TO SEE THE VENICE BOARDWALK. It is disgusting. Skip it and just go straight to Abbot Kinney instead.  Last but not least, we should probably touch on today’s outfit–yes? Well, speaking of California, it happens to be where one of my favorite brands, Everlane, is based. (They’re in SF though, not LA!) They make this silk button down (which comes in several colors as well as a more fitted version), as well as my oxfords (which also come in lot’s of colors!) Their whole motto is “radical transparency”–meaning, they actually tell you how much each item costs to make, and how much they’re marking it up. They take out the middlemen, so you get in insane quality without paying an arm and a leg. Pretty cool, right? They are my absolute #1 go-to for classic wardrobe staples. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve worn this shirt since I got it a couple months back. It works for pretty much any occasion–it’s so classic, and not to mention–insanely comfy! I’ve found that their clothing runs true to size, but for shoes, you should typically size up depending on the type of shoe. (If you read the details on the item, they’ll tell you!) I ordered an 8.5 in my oxfords, and I’m usually an 8! I don’t need to tell you how great these jeans are, because I’ve told you in pretty much every other blog post I’ve posted lately. This hat is also perfect for any vacation and is only $39!  P.S. If you’re planning a trip to Cali soon, make sure to check out my Spring Break essentials right over here! Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Travel  
Britney Crawley says  April 19, 2017 at 8:27 am Sounds like a fun trip! I’ve never been, but would love to visit at least once. Loving this outfit and your camera bag. I never knew that Everlane told you the cost of each item- I’ll have to check them out. 
Diana Pearl says  April 19, 2017 at 10:58 am I went to LA right around when you did, and also ate at Gjelina! I had a delicious chorizo pizza — so good! Sounds like such a fun trip…. and I have two friends who did the sharing a bed thing for a summer interning in NYC! You’re not alone! Haha.  x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
CelebratingthisLife says  April 19, 2017 at 11:56 am In and Out is always my first stop when I step off the plane in LAX! No west coast trip is complete without, oh and a stop at Coffee Bean! Love the recap of your weekend, looks fab as does your outfit! xx Rox-Anne Celebrating This Life 
Caitlin Edwards says  April 19, 2017 at 12:14 pm I love Abbott Kinney! Glad you enjoyed LA! My new favorite beach town is Manhattan Beach! The boardwalk is a lot of fun! 
Megan says  April 19, 2017 at 12:25 pm So many fun spots! I can’t wait to try them all // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
ajay rana says  September 30, 2019 at 4:59 am what a blog, awesome blog and pictures are also amazing all… thanks for sharing this with us i never before saw this but now i really want to visit LA, awesome blog Good job Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Blouses, Graphic Hoodies, Cutout Dresses, Floral Long Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 15, 2017   Dress: ASTR at Nordstrom–hurry! It’s almost sold out! (It’s also available in a romper here, and an off-the-shoulder top, too!) This dress is also very similar, but off the shoulder, and I also just bought this midi dress in a very similar print/color that is SO pretty! // Hat: Old, but similar here // OTK Boots: Stuart Weitzman (budget-friendly favorite here and are 30% off! They’re stretchy in the back, so they fit even small calves, too!) Happy Wednesday!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 It might be winter here but it’s SPRING in London!! (We’ll pretend we’re there today, okay?) How is your week going so far? Aside from #Chiberia making a spring visit, this week so far has been pretty slow in the nicest way possible. I feel like I’ve been all over the place and a regular hot mess these days, so it’s been really lovely to be able to stay in leggings and a sweatshirt and not really leave the house much in the past few days. (Which, you know, works out pretty well when there’s a blizzard outside!) All this time spent at home has me mentally ticking off my spring checklist: 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 In other news, have you been noticing that the color Periwinkle is everywhere!? I have! To be honest, I used to hate the color. (My sister’s bridesmaids dresses were periwinkle. I think it scarred me because she got married when I was like 12 and I was so small they had to custom make a bridesmaid dress for me in a matching color because the smallest regular size couldn’t be tailored enough to fit my shrimpy frame  #LateBloomer.) Anyway, I’ve been seeing a lot of it lately, so I tried on this dress (I was attracted by the floral print and the bow necktie, obviously) and low and behold–I loved it! THEN I bought this dress (which you’ll see soon). Clearly I’m on a tear. This dress, not to mention, is on major sale (so snap it up QUICK before it’s gone!) and it also comes in a romper and an over the shoulder top! It looks super cute with OTK boots for now, and will look adorable with lace-up sandals later! (How cute are these blush ankle-wrap sandals!?)        Photos by Chio Photography  I love the romper version of this dress! Very similar, but less anxiety on a windy day ;-P I just bought this dress last week and it is SO beautiful on. So versatile for spring and summer! The off the shoulder version of today’s dress! So pretty with white jeans or even tucked into a cute denim mini! The romper version of the midi dress above (that I bought last week). This would work great for a pool cover-up on vacation, too! Just spotted these and think I mightttt need to have them. They’re so pretty, and the heel is the perfect height! They also come in grey. Either would look so cute with any of these periwinkle favorites! If you haven’t gotten a pair of OTK boots yet this season, you should definitely snag these on sale while you can! I got these before my Lowland boots and they are so beautiful, durable, and get this–they come waterproofed! Plus, they stretch in the back to fit both narrow and wide calves! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Diana Pearl says  March 15, 2017 at 8:30 am These pictures are so pretty! Can’t believe Westminster cleared out enough that you could take them  So picturesque! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Britney Crawley says  March 15, 2017 at 9:15 am Beautiful dress! I love how you’ve styled it with those boots and the hat! So chic! Good luck with your taxes!  
Rachel Spross says  March 15, 2017 at 9:24 am That dress is so darn cute! I love the color and the floral print  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Megan says  March 15, 2017 at 12:39 pm beauty! I love this dress so much and goodness good luck with those taxes. They’re the worst! // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Caitlin Edwards says  March 15, 2017 at 1:04 pm I love love love this dress!!! Thanks for sharing! 
Abigail @ A Little Leopard says  March 15, 2017 at 2:25 pm i don’t have professional organizer recos, but i freaking loved my own recent marie kondo inspired closet cleanout sesh! i know she has an app and consultants now, maybe there are some in chicago? (i’d offer, but i don’t know how qualified i am as i am SO OVER my own closet and haven’t found a system i like….you probablyyyy don’t want to be my guinea pig hahaha) 
Michał says  December 3, 2018 at 12:17 pm You look beautiful in these super high black boots! […] Jess’ look from London. Makes me miss that […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop High Waisted Flare Pants, Flat Silver Shoes, Black Chokers, Denim Jean Skirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 3, 2018  Jacket: c/o Lole (it’s packable, so it squishes down into a little ball, which is perfect for shoving in your workout bag and for travel, too!) They have a bunch of packable jacket varieties but mine is called the “Emmeline.” I absolutely love Lole–they make really amazing, super versatile athletic and athleisure staples! Shirt: BP from Nordstrom. It’s only $39. It’s kind of a cross between a sweater and a tee. So it’s a staple in the fall, winter, and spring! I usually always shove it in my bag to throw on over workout tops (or over my sports bra/crop if I’m going to yoga!) It also comes in black! FYI, Runs big! Pants: Lululemon Align pants–I am OBSESSED with them. I’ve heard Zella makes a very similar pair that people rave about equally, but Zella’s are less expensive at only $54 so that’s a big win! (Shop more Zella leggings here!) Shoes: Allbirds (note I do NOT wear these to Orangetheory, I wear this pair of Brooks, but I will often change into Allbirds post-workout if I’m out and about because they’re comfier and way cuter than my running shoes! I really want the white ones, too!) Sunnies: Ray Ban (also come in the slightly smaller 50mm size) Tote: Madewell Transport Tote–it’s my go-to everything bag and it’s so roomy so it works especially great for the gym! (I have the OG brown leather version, but they have so many different varieties! I’m especially crushing on the new blush color. I really want the drawstring convertible tote-bucket version, too!) Hat: Abercrombie (old, but they have similar ones that are so cute!) I stand by the fact that they make the best-fitting baseball caps! Nordstrom also carries several cute caps like this one and this one, if that’s more your jam and you can’t get past rocking the A&F logo hat ? Happy Tuesday! Did you guys have a good weekend? (Holiday weekend, for those who celebrate!) We had a great Easter with Neal’s mom’s side of the family. It’s always so much fun to get everyone together and catch up! Our cousins, Mandy and Bob are so generous to host the whole gang every year. It never fails to be a great time! In case you’re like me and need to get your you-know-what back into gear after all the holiday indulging, this post is for you ? I get SO many questions on Orangetheory and my experience with it. So I figured it was about time to do an in-depth post on my experience, results, and advice for those who are thinking about giving it a try! (By the way, this is in no way sponsored–I pay for my own membership and they didn’t ask me to write this post, I just truly love this workout and so many of you are curious about it! Granted, even if it was sponsored, it would still be the same review ? I mean, you guys know how I roll.) I’m also sharing one of my favorite athleisure outfits for those post-workout walks around the neighborhood ? Ready? Let’s jump in! First thing’s first, what is Orangetheory exactly? You’ve probably seen it everywhere, but how is it different than any other trendy workout that seemingly gained popularity overnight? Orangetheory is different for a couple of reasons, but in short, it’s a 1 hour, full-body workout. Each day is a new workout, you’ll never have the same workout twice, and each day will vary focusing on either endurance, strength, power, or a combination of the two. You’ll never know what kind of day it is until you show up! Every class integrates running, rowing, and floor/weights, but how long you are on each and the order differs from class to class. Orangetheory’s workouts are based on the science of what they call “Excess Post-Exercise Oxygen Consumption.” Essentially, the goal is to maintain a target heart rate that stimulates metabolism and increases energy, referred to as “the afterburn.” In layman’s terms, it essentially means that you continue to burn calories for up to 36 hours post workout. We’ll get more into that in a second when we get into the “zones.” One of the coolest part of Orangetheory is that it’s truly as hard as you make it. You can power walk, jog, or run on the treadmill portion and there are three different levels of intensity: This is kind of an active recovery/warmup pace–you can maintain it for a long time and if a friend was jogging next to you for example, you’d be able to hold a conversation. This is pushing to yourself to the point that you are uncomfortable, you are too out of breath to carry on a conversation at length with the person next to you. This is emptying all the gas in your tank–the hardest you’ll work all class. (Don’t worry, you never do this for more than a minute, and you always get to walk right after!) Your trainer guides you through these different paces, and you always get breaks of walking every few minutes. Sometimes you’ll be running longer distances at push pace and base pace (on “endurance” days, for example) and other times it will be focused more on power and pushing yourself through short bursts of sprints. It really varies from day to day. To go from pace to pace, runners and joggers will increase their speed, and power walkers will increase their incline. Yes, you can do the entire class at a power walk. (Keep in mind, you probably won’t burn as many calories this way, but you will definitely not be out of place if you want to power walk instead of run on the treadmills.) Aside from the results I’ve seen and how much of a change I’ve experienced in my body, this is what I love most about Orangetheory. It’s so different from the other high intensity “bootcamp” style workout classes I’ve ever taken (which I absolutely LOATHE) because nobody is getting in your face telling you that “you only have this one hour to make it count” or screaming things like, “LET’S GO, 4PM!!! LEAVE IT ALL ON THE TREADMILL!” Like, seriously? Get out of here! I want to respond with “Please get OUT of my face and I’m never coming back here!”  It’s nothing like that. If you’ve ever had a personal training session, it’s honestly very similar, but with more people in the class. Plus your heart rates on the board, which brings out your competitive side and makes it more fun. Nobody is competing with one another–it just makes you competitive with yourself. The classes aren’t so big that you can’t flag down your trainer for help. While you’ll never have the same workout from one day to another, that day’s workout will be the exact same no matter the location or the class time. So you don’t have to worry about “oh, I don’t want to go today because I don’t like X trainer’s workouts” like you’ll deal with at other studios. For example, if you and I both attend classes on Monday–you could go to the South Loop location at 6am and I could go to the Bucktown location at 6pm, and we will both go through the exact same workout. Make sense? Pretty cool, huh? Also worth noting–if you are looking for a really trendy, boutique, bougie workout studio experience, this is NOT it. (At least not in Chicago). The class is not sporting the entire new arrivals section of Lululemon, and nobody running around in a sports bra and booty shorts in a full face of makeup. There are men and women of all ages and all fitness levels. The only collective word I would use to describe them is “normal”. Just a bunch of regular people, working out. There are no state of the art locker rooms or Cowshed products at every sink. There are really no frills here, but I mean that in the best way possible.  Like I mentioned, one of the coolest parts of Orangetheory is that everyone wears a heart rate monitor. It automatically displays what “zone” you’re in up on a big screen. So you can see everyone’s heart rate zones throughout class. Think of similar to a spin class, but you aren’t ranked. The point isn’t to make you feel bad about yourself. It’s to help you keep track of your heart rate to ensure you’re burning a lot of calories post-workout, as well as motivate you to give that little bit of extra effort. You should be spending at least 12 minutes in zones 4 (orange) and 5 (red) combined to achieve the optimum “after burn” post-workout. (Don’t worry, this is definitely an easy goal to hit.) You’ll want to get into the Orange Zone with each Push Pace, and All-Out pace is where you’ll hit your red zone.  The total amount of minutes spent in the orange and red zone are referred to as “splat points”–I.E. you get a point per each minute, so you want to have at least 12. I typically get between 25-30 splat points per workout based on the workout and also how I’m feeling/how hard I’m pushing myself. It’s also not uncommon to get a higher amount when you first start out because your endurance is building up–additionally, remember that everyone’s heart rates are different. The zones are a guide, but are not an end-all, be-all–always judge based on how you’re feeling! One of the biggest fears I hear people have around Orangetheory is “will it be too hard for a beginner?” the answer is absolutely not. It’s great for beginners! When I started I would definitely consider myself to be a beginner. I was doing power yoga a few times per week and BBG at home, but I’ve never run on a treadmill consistently or done any type of real strength training. (I had also never been on a rower.) In my younger years I had run outside a lot, but hadn’t done so in years, and did not have good endurance. Remember, Orangetheory is totally a set-your-own-pace workout. Being able to see your heart rate on the board really allows you to push yourself more than you would at a gym, but not so much that you’ll be overwhelmed. Like I said, you can power walk the whole time if you want! This is not one of those classes where you’ll stick out like a sore thumb as a first time student. You’ll need to arrive 30 minutes early, which they’ll tell you when you make the appointment. (Your first class is free!) The trainer will go over everything I covered above with you and also go over proper form for the rower. You’ll also stay after class where you’ll review your heart rate performance with your trainer. I know everyone is different with this, but I find that I truly cannot do this workout well on an empty stomach. If it’s been awhile since your last meal, eat a snack beforehand. For example, I once went to a 12pm class and I hadn’t eaten breakfast or lunch because it had been that kind of day, and I felt like I was going to throw up and faint on the treadmill–I had to walk the remainder of the class. You’re going to be burning over 600 calories, you absolutely need something in your stomach. They definitely try to up-sell you at the end of class, so know that going in. With that being said, there is a high likelihood you are going to want to buy a membership or a punch card of some sort, because after one class it’s easy to see how effective it is. They are definitely totally fine if you say you want to think it over as well, and are super nice about it. Two small things to keep in mind: Wipe down your station: There are a couple wipes stations throughout the room, so make sure that when you’re done with each machine (treadmill, rower, and your floor station) that you wipe in down. You’ll notice that everyone else is doing this so it will be easy to remember. Stick with your same number: Pay attention to the number on the station that you start at, and stay with your number for each block of class. That means, that if you start on treadmill number 9, you’ll go to rower number 9, and floor station number 9. Apparently some studios don’t do this, but most do–I actually took a class at the Portland, OR Orangetheory before my wedding and nobody adhered to this rule and it drove me CRAZY.  Overall, yes, I often see trainers making modifications for those with injuries of all kinds. I also get asked frequently if the amount of running will hurt people with knee problems. I can’t speak for everyone and you should definitely seek out your doctor’s advice. However as someone with less than ideal knees, I can say that their treadmills are super nice and way easier on your knees/feet than running outside. Paired with the right footwear, I do not experience knee pain from OTF. (More on footwear below!) The treadmill portion of the workout is typically around 20 minutes. Depending on how fast you run, it’s typically about 2-3 miles on average if you’re a jogger/runner. Like I said, you also get quite a few walking breaks in there, too. So it’s absolutely doable no matter what your fitness level! This really varies for everyone, but personally, I usually burn around 650. (Yesterday I got up to 685! Woo woo!) Essentially I burn like 3x as many calories as I would if I were doing BBG in my living room because I will NEVER push myself that hard on my own. Haha! I get this one a lot. Honestly, everyone is so different. It really depends on how much you sweat in general and how hard you push yourself. I’m probably not a good gage because I really don’t sweat much in general, but I also have friends that are absolutely drenched afterwords. I would say, bring a hat and a shirt to change into or throw on over your workout top afterwords and you can get by with going to brunch! I would also highly recommend spraying your hair with some dry shampoo (I love LivingProof which I reviewed more in depth here) beforehand and after to extend your hair! I often hear from a lot of you who ALSO have a husband who is a workout fiend, who thinks that studio classes aren’t hard enough. (Cough. NEAL.) I am happy to report that Neal also really likes Orangetheory. He doesn’t go as often as I do. Although sometimes he does come with me to weekend classes. It’s one of the few workouts we can both do together. We can go at our own individual pace and feel like we got everything out of it we were hoping for. Whenever I go with him I always push myself twice has hard because I get competitive! NO. Believe me. I still do so many moves wrong and my instructors are always quick to correct me in the nicest way that doesn’t make me feel like a complete idiot. For example, I have recently discovered that I have some bizarre hip alignment, so often times I’m doing moves incorrectly. (Shout out to Sean, the trainer I take classes from most often at Bucktown–who now knows to look watch out for this specifically. He also reminds me that I am capable of using 15 pound weights when I decide to be lazy and use 10 pound ones! ?) Also, if you’re worried about rowing–don’t you worry, because I also still look like a moron on the rowing machines and it takes a lot of concentration to be able to do it correctly, but it’s something we’ve been working on ? Moral of the story: nobody cares. Nobody is looking at you or paying attention to what you are doing correctly or incorrectly, and the trainers are so nice, they will never make you feel stupid for not knowing how to do something, I promise! Honestly, you can’t really compare the two. They are completely different things. If you’re only wanting to tone up (not lose weight or build up your endurance) BBG is a good option, especially if you’re trying to save money. I do like the convenience of BBG, but I’m lazy, and I would never push myself as hard as I should’ve through the workouts. If you’re the kind of person that can do that, it’s a really awesome workout! But half the time I would get through it once and be like “eh, I’m good!” The combination of the interval running and floor is what makes OTF so effective, and that’s not something you’ll get with BBG, so for all those reasons, I would personally choose OTF every time, but it’s different for everyone! The way I see it is that I’m going to dedicate an hour to working out, why would I not get the most effective workout possible out of that hour? That’s NEVER something I’m going to accomplish on my own, so that’s why I like OTF so much!  Now for the results. Unfortunately I don’t have any before or after photos. Also I honestly don’t even own a scale, but I’ve truly never been in better shape, even in high-school! I noticed results in my body after just a few classes. You can honestly tell how well it’s working because you will be noticeably hungrier than normal. Your body is burning so many more calories it craves  more! In terms of pounds lost, its hard for me to gage exactly how much I lost right before the wedding. It’s hard to tell what is due to Orangetheory and how much of it was stress-induced because everything with our wedding went so horribly wrong just days before. Luckily, nothing hit the fan until the Tuesday beforehand, and at that point, I had already gone down a pant size in about 5 weeks from doing 4-5 days per week of OTF paired with very clean eating. (Keep in mind: this is a LOT of OTF, I’d say going 3 days a week is a really good average!) From weighing myself at OTF the day I started to weighing myself on the scale the first day of our honeymoon, I had lost over 7 pounds, but I definitely equate that more to losing my entire appetite from stress for an entire week. ? (You can get the short version of everything that happened with the wedding in this post.) I try to make it to OTF 3 times per week, lately it’s been more like 2 because of my busy schedule (which is definitely NOT taking advantage of my monthly unlimited membership), but even going just two days a week has been effective enough to maintain where I’m at currently, and I truly believe that 2 days of OTF is more effective than 5 days per week of half-assed working out by yourself at a gym. I’ve also found that I am SO much stronger. I used to be an avid Corepower Yoga girl but I’ve gone a lot less since starting OTF just because of time. My first time back to yoga after the wedding I expected it to be insanely hard since I hadn’t gone in about two months, but it was actually the opposite, I was so much stronger that it improved everything from my posture to my balance to my ability to do upside-down poses that I hadn’t be able to master before!  People tend to wear whatever at Orangetheory. You’ll see people in cute workout outfits and you’ll see people rocking running shorts and their old college sorority t-shirts. Any regular workout top and pants combo will work great. I pretty much exclusively own yoga clothing and that works just fine. (Make sure you get a good sports bra though, because you’re really moving the whole class). Like I said, it’s not bougie. So don’t worry about not “fitting in” or anything. I have really flat feet (ZERO arch). As a result, I don’t have great knees. I had to stop running outside because my knees would kill so bad and I would get horrible shin splints. I didn’t want to invest in an expensive pair of running sneakers at first because I didn’t know if I would stick with OTF long-term, but about a month ago, I finally invested in this pair of Brooks Adrenaline running shoes and they make a WORLD of difference. They are hands-down the ugliest shoes I own, but I no longer have any knee pain! ? (Shop more Brooks here!)  Pricing really varies based on what studio you belong to and its location. I know that it differs from state to state. So prime city locations will have higher costs than their suburban counterparts. I pay $199 for an unlimited monthly membership. A twice-per-week membership runs around $149. Although I know you can also purchase a 5 or 10 class pass, for example. Also, I know my studio is one of the premium city pricing locations. So there’s a chance yours could be cheaper! Keep in mind that you’ll also want to buy the heart-rate monitor. They vary in price based on what kind you get. I have the chest one that wraps around where your sports bra hits, and it works just fine. This is the cheapest option and usually you can get them to give you a deal on it.  I think I paid $40? If you think this is expensive, I will ask you one question. Yeah. I think it’s worth it. Considering I would pay $100 a month for a gym membership I would never use, this seems like a pretty good deal.    You can find a big list of Orangetheory locations on their website. I go to the Wicker Park/Bucktown location, and obviously, can’t say enough good things! If you live in the area and want to check it out, I’d highly recommend Jessica, Sean, and Hakeem’s classes! Need a good Spotify workout playlist? Check out my Best Spotify Playlists post.  New to running? Check out 5 Running Tips for Beginners  Do you have any more questions about Orangetheory? Feel free to leave them below! SaveSave SaveSave Filed Under: Advice, Lifestyle, Outfits, Style  
Shannon says  April 3, 2018 at 6:13 am I’m in my 4th week of OT. I enjoy pushing myself and getting more comfortable with gym equipment. The price is what kills me. In a city, it’s probably a cheap option, but in CT, it’s the most expensive workout! I do feel stronger and my endurance is better than I originally thought. However, I’ll be switching to BBG and a gym membership… a difference of like $800. You should try BBG or Tone It Up and review! xx-Shannon 
anne says  April 3, 2018 at 8:01 am Orangetheory is really great! I am a member at my local studio and do it 1-2 times a week in addition to another class type workout. I am a terrible self motivator – so spending money on a class pays of for me! If I am left to my own devices I will always just skip a workout! Its also super awesome that you can use your classes at any studio (I have 8 a month membership) so its easy to stay in shape when traveling for work!  am also recovering from a back injury – and all the trainers (at all 12 locations I have been to!) are really amazing at modifying things and making sure that I am not doing anything that will cause issues with my long term recovery! I really love Orangetheory and would encourage everyone to try it! Besides – the first class is free so why not!!  Also – as a 100% power walker for my first several months – you burn a ton of calories that way too!! And truly no one cares that you are walking – and the heart rate focus really lets everyone go their own pace! 
Joan Holzinger says  April 3, 2018 at 8:12 am Thanks for your article on Orangetheory. I’ve been going to workout 3 times a week and really love it I went to support a good friend and now am hooked. Love all my coaches and I feel great. 
Erin says  April 3, 2018 at 8:23 am I’m obsessed with OTF. I started in December to prep for my wedding this June. My whole body has changed in ways I never imagined. I went from the power walker group to consistently running now for every class. It’s been amazing! I haven’t lost as many pounds as I want, though my body shape has changed a lot. I am going to incorporate the clean eating you mentioned to try to get all the way down to my goal weight/fitness. Great post! 
courtney says  April 3, 2018 at 8:23 am Awesome review/summary! Just wanted to share a few comments:
– I am currently pregnant and still go to class once a week. I am able to modify as needed (mainly the ab work). I typically get very few “splat” points (sometimes 0), but still burn a ton of calories/feel great.
– I brought my husband to a class, and he said it was the best studio class he had ever done (and liked it better than spin). 
Allie says  April 3, 2018 at 10:37 am That’s so awesome you burn so many calories and have seen results so quickly. I typically shy away from classes with treadmills but this sounds so approachable! Thanks for the review, xAllie http://www.theallthatglittersblog.com 
Lauren C says  April 3, 2018 at 12:16 pm I didn’t see it mentioned in your post, but just FYI for anyone who may be in the same boat as me, classes at peak times can be hard to get in to, and the cancellation policy at OTF is extremely strict.  I have moderately flexible work hours as a mid-level practitioner in a surgical field. I used to sign up for the class time I was sure I could make it to (as my closest studio is insanely busy and you have to sign up for 5pm/6pm and early AM classes up to a week ahead of time to get in,) and then an emergency would roll into the ER and I was stuck in the operating room until 7pm and had to late cancel (within 12 hour time) or completely miss it.  I kid you not, I even had the operating room nurse call once while I was scrubbed in so they wouldn’t think I was a jerk for completely not showing up, and I still was charged the late cancel fee!  I had similar things happen to me both when I lived in New England, and now in North Carolina so it must be a company-wide thing.  Long story short – this may not be the best work out for those that don’t have a very set or extremely flexible work schedule…and it pains me to say it, because I seriously LOVE the work out! 
Sharon says  July 9, 2018 at 9:47 am I know A CRNA that explained that to their OTF and got the late fees waived. She doesn’t take advantage of it but it’s there if she gets stuck. 
Rhonda says  July 26, 2018 at 6:05 pm Hi,  in my occupation I too am unsure when I have to run to work.   I told otf and they told me to not worry about that they will work it out for me.   My first class is tmrw I will keep you posted. 
kim miller says  April 3, 2018 at 1:44 pm Can you please add me to your mail list.  I for some reason cannot figure it out!  Thank you!  Love Love Love your style! 
Kelly says  April 3, 2018 at 2:07 pm LOVED this review!! I go to OTF 5 -6 times a week because if I don’t I won’t work out. Another fun note about the heart rate/zones is that (at least my studio has said) that every change in 5ish lbs you should be updating it in your bio with them!  I don’t remember the specific reason other than it keeps your splat points and zones in check. OH it’s also super fun when you and a bestie live in totally different states but can ‘complain’ about the same exact hard work out you both did that day! 
Emily says  April 3, 2018 at 3:09 pm I was completely turned off by the fact that they refuse to give an pricing information via e-mail or phone. They require you come to the studio and take the free class before giving you information on packages. The workout might be great, but I prefer to work with transparent companies. 
Sarah Arnold says  January 9, 2019 at 9:58 pm I do not think this is company wide. I knew the cost before my first class. I adore our studio and the staff. They are very transparent with me. Just noting in case it’s specific only to that location. 
Jacci says  June 6, 2019 at 3:16 pm I called them yesterday and received pricing over the phone (Northern Virginia area) 
Lynn says  April 3, 2018 at 3:45 pm Wow, what a great post!  I had no idea what OTF was, I thought it was some cycling class.  I’m thinking I might have to try a free class now and give it a chance. Thanks for all the details ? 
Elle says  April 6, 2018 at 12:10 pm Thank you for the review! Have been wanting to try orange theory, but wasn’t sure if it was worth the money. https://macaroonsonmain.blogspot.com/ 
Carol says  May 31, 2018 at 7:46 pm What is BBG 
Carol says  May 31, 2018 at 7:47 pm What does BBG mean? 
Renee Jarrett says  June 30, 2018 at 11:23 am my mom is being charged 600$ because she missed classes  4x . due to night work reasons. she thought she was  allowed to cancel. 30 days within the sign up date. money back guaranteed.Because thats what they contimiously told her. Thats a lie. its cancel within 5days money back guaranteed.  You can only cancel with with a 30 day notice  and it can only be for one of their 7 reasons listed in the contract. The 7 reasons are so strict its crazy. if you miss a class or try to cancel prepare to lose several hundred to thousands of dollars. She tried cancelling within a ten day period because they decieved her about the  cancellation policy. Dont do it 
Susie says  March 26, 2019 at 3:03 pm This information is wrong- you can cancel with no fee as long as you cancel 8 hours prior to the class. 
Mari Ronda says  July 24, 2018 at 4:09 pm Hi Jess, thanks so much for this OT review/post. I’ve been wanting to go for a while and this post is the last push I need to give it a try, I’m hoping to go this weekend. I’m trying to get back in to shape after being in a really bad job working 50-60 hours a week and having zero time for my self. I’m hoping to add this to my weekly routine. Hope it works for me! 
Lisa Uhrmacher says  August 17, 2018 at 2:52 pm For those with knee issues, my OTF has eliptical and bike options available. I love it and use it between my personal trainer sessions, where we lift heavy. It is the perfect complement and a great workout. 
Mallory says  September 12, 2018 at 11:56 am Read this and kept nodding to myself at almost every point! I love OTF and it’s so nice to never feel judged in there – we have people in their 60’s down to early 20’s, people who look like they’re at their peak performance levels and people who are just getting started in their fitness journey. I quadruple the getting good running shoes part as I also have flat feet! I wear Mizuno Wave Inspires even if they look like grandma-esque stability shoes. One note – it’s “gauge” not gage  
Matt says  September 21, 2018 at 9:42 pm Thanks for articulating the good points of OTF.
I’ve been going 4-5 times per week for eight months and can’t speak highly enough about how effective this workout is.
Having been an endurance athlete I was hesitatant to join a group, but when I’m there I really don’t feel like I’m in a room with 10-24 people.   I’m too focused on getting through the next block.
It’s not cheap, and therefore not for everyone, but for me it’s worth every penny. 
Desiree says  October 21, 2018 at 10:37 pm Hi…thanks to your review, I went to OTF & everything your wrote was on point!!! I enjoyed my workout, I knew exactly what to expect & at the end of the workout I signed up & became a member. 
Renée B says  December 2, 2018 at 1:16 pm Thanks so much for all the info on OTF. I got to your blog by doing a simple search for OT. BUT, I must say I am really interested in your style sense…as a 50 year old Mom I’m in need of some help. I’m going to be following your fashion blog. I do have a question, are your allbirds in this picture the chalk color? What is funny is  is that I had not heard of allbirds till yesterday and then saw them again on your blog! 
Rosemary says  December 26, 2018 at 9:10 am I have been going to OT for almost three weeks. Sadly, the 3G classes are utter chaos, and people are stealing each other’s weights from the numbered weight stations (while you are using them). I will be cancelling because of the way that the 3G classes are just plain overbooked for the resources (including the instructors) which are stretched way too thin in order to maximize profit. 
Kelsey says  February 24, 2019 at 7:41 am Hey girl!  I just joined Orangetheory yesterday and it’s 100% because of this amazing article! I was doing Pilates and Yoga and not seeing the overall weight loss results I want so I remembered reading your article and came back to it. I only started yesterday, but I can tell it will definitely help me a whole bunch more than just doing Yoga. Thank you so much for this!  
Amanda says  February 28, 2019 at 10:38 am Thank you so much for this super informative post!! I’ve been so chicken to try Orange Theory, but after reading this I think I might give it a shot. It’s nice to hear it’s a calm environment and someone isn’t yelling at you, boot camp-style the entire time. Those types of classes scare me, haha. 
Elena says  May 26, 2019 at 4:11 pm I’m so confused by your photos here. They have nothing to do with OTF. Consider aligning your photos to the content of the post. 
Amanda says  July 17, 2019 at 11:05 pm   
becky says  August 22, 2019 at 8:21 am sigh 
Becky says  June 11, 2019 at 3:48 pm i was completely turned off at the North Scottsdale location. They embarrassed me in front of a roomful of people, and denied me a workout. Sorry OTF, the snobbishness and disrespect were just too much! was really looking forward to my workout. 
Regina Tavares says  September 10, 2019 at 11:56 pm I had my second class today- Or should I say, I was supposed to have my second class today, but despite the fact I explained to the staff, including coaches prior to the class started that it had been 20 years since I stepped into the gym (I am 57) and that I needed another introduction class to fully grasp the machines, the sequences of the exercises,  and to make sure I understood how to properly do it,  I was completely ignored. I started on the floor, followed the TV screen, felt my back hurting as I was not doing it right, including on the weight recommended by the coach (25 each hand).  My posture was not right either, as I felt pain in my back. The coach came once and said my back needed to be straight then she moved the other area, and when it stopped at that sequence and we had to move to another area, I did not know what to do, where to go. I tried to take a machine, someone told me it was their space,  I reached out to the coach, who was helping other people and did not even noticed me. I stood there without doing anything. No one ever came to help. The additional coaches were on the bench outside by the reception area talking to each other, while I had no one to explain what to do-note, one of the coaches outside was the one I asked for help before the class begun who never even got closer to me. I left without the class ended. It was a complete waste of my time (and 20 dollars for the trial). I really do not recall ever feeling so ignored on a place and so lost with what to do when I was supposed to be supported at the beginning. Note there was only 3 new people, and only 2 second time for a number of coaches that never were at sight, despite my doing it wrong, or standing in the floor/machine without doing anything. (first class was a caring young guy, I just needed to grasp it better second time…to my only wish) 
Veronica says  September 16, 2019 at 6:35 am I too, am 57 years old and just joined OT.  I am so sorry for your experience as mine was the exact opposite.  The only group classes I have ever done are spin, so this was a totally new experience.  My coaches have been extremely helpful with making sure I am doing each exercise properly.  They have taught me alternatives for certain exercises due to my shoulder injuries.  Seriously, I love this workout!  I got 42 splat points my first time and thought I was doing great.  I asked my coach to review what all of the numbers meant and he was so patient and knowledgeable.  I realize now that 42 was way more than I needed and over time they have come down to about 28-30.  Try a different class with a different instructor and see if anything changes.  It could also be the particular studio you went to.  I love this workout because you can see changes almost immediately and as part of the older population, I feel totally accepted and included .  Good luck! 
Sindhu says  September 11, 2019 at 12:04 pm My experience is that each franchise is slightly different. Most give corporate discount. I tried two classes and I am planning to get unlimited for couple of months. It is 170$ after corporate discount. ~ Sigh
My goal is to lose weight and get fitter. I will update you after two months of at-least 4times a week OTF and moderately clean eating! 
Bj5Gym LLC says  October 8, 2019 at 9:11 am Would you like to boost your Sports and Gym Store sales by publishing your brand products on one ofthe top Gym sellers in ecommercePlease join Bj5Gym.com Register and publish […] If you’re interested in Orangetheory, Jess wrote a great post on the workout. […] […] Orangetheory is heart rate based interval training that focuses on strength, endurance, and power. It lasts for a full hour and is proven to burn more calories post workout compared to regular exercise. They offer heart rate monitors that can track your results in real-time on display throughout the studio. You can feel safe at Orangetheory as their experienced fitness instructors will prevent you from under or overtraining. Their training routine has been featured on “The Today Show”, Men’s Journal, and Shape Magazine. The workout was created to help you reach your target heart rate which increases energy and speeds up the metabolism. Orangetheory provides a fun and energetic way to workout within a group while having the experience of personal training. Their staff and instructors are there to help you reach your fitness goals. Their workout routine is suitable for all fitness levels and is set at your own pace. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Knit Dresses, Gold Lariat Necklaces, White Sleeveless Blouse, Black Bralettes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 18, 2019   On Me: Dudley Stephens Cobble Hill turtleneck (c/o), Commando leather leggings, J.Crew booties, J.Crew scarf 
On Krista: Dudley Stephens Cobble Hill turtleneck, J.Crew tartan shoes, J.Crew tartan pants
On Kelly:  Dudley Stephens Cobble Hill turtleneck, J.Crew tartan pants, J.Crew pumps (old) WOOOO Happy Monday guys! Today is my first of many holiday outfit posts! Hooray! (Featuring some special guests ) Last week, our friend Krista (do you follow her yet? You should!) was in town from NYC. This was pretty exciting because we’ve been “Instagram” friends since the early years, but we’ve never actually met in person. Krista is actually the entire reason that Kelly and I met–so we are both forever indebted to her, obviously.  We decided to plan a little festive day, going to lunch at RL (Ralph Lauren’s restaurant–probably my favorite cozy lunch spot of all time) followed by a fun shoot together! If you follow Kelly, you know around the holidays she does something called #60DaysofPlaid where she posts 60 different plaid inspired looks. (Preppy people LOVE plaid, allegedly?) Krista and I decided we needed to join in on the #60DaysofPlaid fun and thus we all three decided to each wear J.Crew tartan AND because it was sub-zero in Chicago, we decided that Dudley Stephens fleeces were also in order.  (Side note: They have been a sponsor of mine but they did not sponsor this post! You can read my full review of BOTH fleece turtlenecks we’re wearing here in this post! I am OBSESSED with these fleeces and the brand! They’re women-owned, made in the USA and sustainable, too!)  Here I’ll give you all the details on my look and then you can scroll down for the behind the scenes photos from our day!  The coat I never stop raving about–I think it’s the warmest non-puffer you can find! Sizing: It runs big, I’m wearing size 0! Comes in lots of colors but I’m partial to the light camel color! See my full review of it here! I literally have not shut up about these fleeces since they first arrived. I am not exaggerating when I say I have worn them multiple times per week ever since. Actually, I wore this burgundy one three days in a row one week! It’s become a problem. The one I’m wearing is the Cobble Hill, which is longer in length (which I was really surprised that I liked, honestly, you know my love of the front tuck) but it is SO WARM and the most perfect thing to wear with leggings! Kelly and Krista are both wearing the Park Slope, which is a regular length version I love equally as much. I think the Park Slope is more versatile because you can wear it with more things due to the length, but I reach for the Cobble Hill when I feel like wearing leggings! I love both equally! The Cobble Hill (what I’m wearing) runs tight in the arms–I’m a small, but in the Park Slope (what Kelly/Krista are wearing) I have an XS and that fits great! I know these definitely qualify as more of an investment piece (which seems odd for a fleece, I know) but a couple things. First, it’s less expensive than a Patagonia fleece, and is a hell of a lot cuter, more versatile, and warmer. Second, DS is a very small, women-owned brand, made in Brooklyn, from yarn made of recycled plastic bottles! When you break it down to cost per wear AND consider that your money goes toward a company doing a lot of good, it’s a no-brainer! ALSO–they will not be running a discounted Black Friday sale, so don’t wait to buy! If you see the color you want, snap it up, because they do limited runs of each and they go out of stock frequently! I love both the Spanx and Commando pairs of faux leather leggings! Both for different reasons. The Commandos are more “leather” looking, whereas the Spanx are shiny, but they don’t *feel* leathery, if that makes sense? The Commandos are thicker and warmer (due to the leathery quality that blocks the wind better), but the Spanx are more breathable and more comfortable. I wear both a ton! Sizing note: These run SO SMALL. I wear a medium, and I’m a small in Spanx, so go up a whole size! I just got these booties recently at J.Crew and I have worn them almost every day since I purchased them last week. I’m so glad I finally took the plunge and purchased them! I love the pointed toe and low heel. You can see four more ways I styled them in this post! Sizing: Run TTS I love this scarf and have had it for a few years now! I think it’s the prettiest tartan pattern and I love the coloring especially–I feel like it’s more unique than other plaid colorways and it goes with everything! It’s the perfect way to add some holiday festivity to an outfit without being overpowering! Statement headbands are my *THING* this year. They make any outfit so much more interesting, not to mention, they are amazing for extending your hair even further between washes. They’re lifesavers all around! This one is from Lost Girls boutique (highly recommend visiting if you live in Chicago!) but I also found super similar ones on Amazon–you can buy individually right here or get a 6 pack of different colors for so $15!! (Great stocking stuffers for your girlfriends, too!)       Cuff c/o Sezane   We asked our server Jeff to snap a photo for us, but he had some interesting takes on camera angles. The best part is that my friend Megan texted me and said, “I went with my mom and sister and had Jeff as our server and HE TOOK THE EXACT SAME HORRIBLE SERIES OF PHOTOS WITH US!!!” Apparently, this is Jeff’s schtick and we’re here for it. WE LOVE YOU JEFF!  Then Krista and I invited ourselves back to Kelly’s house so we Krista could get a tour of her new place and also so we could hang out with the girls and ALSO so Mitch could take these photos. (You are the best Mitch!) This is us posing for “test shots” while Kelly was testing the lighting. (Light testing photos are always the funniest outtakes )    Krista hates Chicago weather and curses every time she’s forced to go outside. She was NOT HAPPY about shooting photos in this weather. (Also the best part about shooting with other bloggers is that they know all the things to look for–I.E. “KRISTA your hair is messed up–JESS fix her hair!!”)  Ended with an obligatory Kelly mirror selfie in her room. AKA the preppiest room I’ve ever seen. (Fun fact: Kelly and Krista are my two preppiest friends, in case you couldn’t tell.) Fact: Noodle is a sneaky devil and has to be held at all times upstairs or she pees.   Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Lace Bralettes, Black Pumps Shoes, Straw Bags, One Pieces Swimwear and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 25, 2015   Side note: Sorry this post is a little late getting up, guys! To tell you the truth I seem to have caught a major cold on the plane coming home. (I suppose a week straight of drinking in pubs and staying up until 4am didn’t do much for my immune system). So I spent a little longer in bed this morning than usual!  Anyway, I’ll be the first to admit, I’ve never been a huge fan of TopShop, but the pieces they’ve come out with this spring have blown away my expectations. I can’t get enough of their neutrals that seem to be even more Brit-inspired than usual. I secretly wish I had more excuses to dress up just so I could wear this dress. Speaking of dresses, I’m don’t care what anyone says, I am definitely planning to wear this overcoat as one! (Also, I admit, I know the last one ISN’T a neutral, but it was so fun I had to throw it in here!) Shop all my picks below. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Which is your favorite?  Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Soludos Espadrilles, White One Piece Swimsuit, Tees, Denim Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 7, 2017  Happy Tuesday! I hope your week is off to a great start so far. Admittedly I kind of had a hard time getting back into the swing of things yesterday. I think I blame it mostly on the weather–it’s so hard to be productive when it’s gloomy out, don’t you think? I’m SO excited for a sunny day in the forecast this morning though–I’m heading to yoga and headed to work at a coffee shop to enjoy the day. I’m also grabbing drinks later with my friend Whitney who I haven’t hung out with in forever, so I’m excited for a fun and busy day! It’s been a bit since I did an Instagram roundup here on the blog. Since many of you don’t follow me along on Instagram, I always think it’s fun to catch up every so often to see the day to day outfits that I post over there!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   I’ve been on the move more than I’ve been home lately! Sheesh! For domestic flights, jeans and a long-sleeved tee are usually my go-to. I’m sure you know by now how much I love this pair! I wore them on our flight to NYC this past weekend, along with these super cute Sam Edelman booties. They have a side zipper and they slip on and off SO easy. (TSA friendly!) This long-sleeved sweater-t-shirt-ish shirt (okay, sounds weird, but I swear it’s like a hybrid sweater tee, haha! It’s SO comfortable!) Since it was just a quick weekend trip, I brought my favorite trusty carry-on     So, I just realized as I’m typing this–this might be the first purple item I’ve ever purchased. Which is pretty weird, because I LOVE lavender and lilac! This dress just screams spring, but I love wearing it now too with OTK boots (An outfit I wore in London, coming to the blog soon!)     I love this feminine dusty pink blouse. I got it this past fall but have worn it through fall, winter, and it’s still going strong for spring!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   A throwback to Mexico. Ahh. I wonder what 78 degrees feels like? I don’t remember. This suit though will be on constant vacation rotation this summer, you know. When we remember what warmth feels like.    Been going with this denim on denim combination lately! The weather has been so up and down but luckily I’ve been able to reach for this camel coat instead of my puffer more often  So many of you have asked about my glasses too! They’re from Warby Parker but are old–I’ve linked my other favorites (I think I might go back and get them soon!) above that are still available, though!    More pink! I was running errands at Meijer a few weeks back and saw this cute little peplum tee in the women’s section! It was like $10, haha, I couldn’t resist!! There are some similar ones linked above too! I love love these Everlane oxfords and of course, my jeans. Duh. You already know about those. I know I know #BeatingADeadHorse    My first few hours in LA post 10.5 hour flight from London included another shoot with the wonderful Julie of Velvet & Popcorn! Luckily the real jet lag set in after we had consumed burgers at Honor Bar (go there if you’re ever in LA! so good!) so you could say it was a REALLY productive day!   Filed Under: Outfits  
Britney Crawley says  March 8, 2017 at 7:21 am I love your glasses! I just got on the Warby Parker train not long ago- and I’m in love! It’s a great brand. Loving also that pink peplum top. Thanks for all the links! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Short Sleeve Blouses, Red Bikinis, Black Gowns Dress, Black Long Sleeve Mini Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 16, 2016   First look: English Factory Dress (also love this collared sun dress and this adorable white bell-sleeved dress)  // Espadrille Wedges c/o Aerosoles // Coach Mercer Satchel c/o // Leather jacket (similar here) // Daniel Wellington Watch // Earrings: c/o Kendra Scott  Happy Wednesday, you guys! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

How has the week been? Good? Bad? Average? Mine has been pretty crazy gearing up for something preeetttyyy exciting, which you’ll learn about in a couple days  Monday was spent working from home all day, and then I met up with one of my good friends from high school (who I haven’t seen since high school!) who was in town for a conference. We had a late dinner at Beatrix (a great River North spot, if you’re looking for a good place for dinner!) and spent a couple hours catching up. Isn’t it unreal how fast time flies?  Tuesday was spent getting some work done from my place in the morning, and I met Blair in the afternoon for a work date at Soho House. We snapped some outfit photos (coming soon!) with some cute new finds I picked up last weekend.  (Side note: I always feel so awkward shooting in front of restaurant windows with people staring through at us, so if you ever see me shooting photos through a restaurant window, come say hi, okay!?)   Okay–enough small talk–let’s discuss these outfits! (Yep, that’s plural–you get a double whammy outfit post today!) I’m partnering with Aerosoles to show you how to style these cute new spring wedges, two ways!    Oh gosh, this dress. I am OBSESSED. I love that it’s the perfect combination of classic and preppy with a slight french-inspired flair. (AKA my style goals in the form of a dress.) How cute will it look with a boater hat in the summer?  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Annnnddd what pairs better with a cute springy dress than the perfect spring wedges? I absolutely have been living in this pair from Aerosoles! I love that they’re espadrilles (because give me ALL the espadrilles) and the midi heel is the ideal height for fielding the whole “dressy casual” situation–you can wear them during the day, or out at night. Oh, and huge plus: they never make your feet hurt. (Total win-win.)  Because Chicago is always chilly, a light jacket is always necessary. I got my leather jacket in Florence when I studied abroad there during college–my mom bought it for me as a gift, and it always makes me so happy when I put it on thinking of her! (P.S. I found a semi similar version here, if you’re in the market!)  A classic trench is another Chicago staple and would amazing with this dress + wedges combo!  (Keep on scrollin’ below for look numero dos!)          Second Look: J.Crew Always Chambray Button-Down // Aerosoles Wedges c/o //  Madewell Jeans // J.Crew “Regent” Linen Blazer (also in tall and petite) // Ray Ban Sunglasses // Gigi New York tote bag c/o  While I don’t go into a corporate office anymore, I still do need to look semi-professional from time to time for meetings during the day, and for me, this outfit is the perfect balance of casual, yet business-appropriate.  These truly are the most versatile sandals–again, not too high so they’re still totally professional (I’ve never understood the girls who wear sky-high platform heels to meetings–so not appropriate!) and they’re comfortable enough to not need to throw an extra pair of flats in my bag. They make walking long distances and taking public transportation is a breeze, and add a springy feel to this denim on denim look.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Speaking of which, did you know you could dress up a Canadian tuxedo?! Yep. Turns out, you totally can. My trick is to ensure your top and jeans are of contrasting denim colors (otherwise you might look like a farmer)–then just add a white linen blazer on top for added polish and a bit of preppy/business-appropriate flair. (Is business-appropriate flair a thing?) Once you’re done with work and ready for happy hour, just remove the blazer and BAM (remember Emeril? Hehe.) you’re ready to party!          Photos by Kelly Larkin  This post is sponsored by Aerosoles, however, all opinions are 100% my own. Thank you for supporting the brands that keep GG going!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  March 16, 2016 at 7:13 am I love that dress!! 
Maggie says  March 16, 2016 at 6:13 pm I adore your dress! it is the cutest thing!
-Maggie   http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Kristina Anderson says  March 16, 2016 at 8:57 pm The wedges are so adorable!! Kristina does the Internets 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  March 17, 2016 at 6:39 pm both these outfits are so JESS! Love them and you look adorable! 
angela sum says  March 22, 2016 at 12:27 pm You have such a great Americana look! Love the outfit and your styling  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Sandal Heels, Platform Black Heels, Black Chokers, Lariats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 4, 2016   Sweater: c/o Vineyard Vines (sold out, but identical here and here (budget version!) and I also love this extra long version (budget friendly!) // Turtleneck: J.Crew (I also own it in grey, and love the light pink color! Select colors on sale right now for $24!) // Jeans: Henry and Belle, currently sold out, but love these and these (budget friendly!) // Belt: Old, identical here // Shoes: c/o Johnston and Murphy // Bracelets: Kendra Scott, Barney’s  // Belt: Old from Tommy Bahama, but similar here.    Happy first Monday of 2016!!  Are you feeling super inspired or already overwhelmed by all you’ve set out to accomplish this year? I’m kind of a mix of both. I had some really great time off, and spent a lot of time with family and friends! I have to admit though, as painful as it is to get out of bed on the first day back to work, I’m excited to get back into the swing of things, and hit the ground running with all I have planned for GG this year!  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Some of those goals include (in no particular order): an eventual site re-design, bringing you guys more outfit posts more frequently, continuing to improve my photography and Lightroom photo editing skills, AND (fingers crossed) working to bring you recurring seasonal issues of The Guide I made with Kelly this winter! (Yes, that means a Spring version coming soon!)   BUT on to today’s outfit! You first saw this sweater on the blog in this post earlier this fall but I’ve been wearing it weekly ever since then! It’s super soft and warm. Although it’s sold out now, I did find some identical twins here, and here! Paired with my favorite turtleneck and skinny jeans, it’s just about the most comfortable combination there was.  But let’s go back to the turtleneck, because I don’t think I ever thought I would have such love for a TURTLENECK. But, you guys. It’s so comfortable, and it’s super thin, and perfect for layering. It looks so cute under sweaters, with skirts, even under summer dresses to make them work for winter! I also own it in grey        



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Shop this post:    Photos by Blair Stakey  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Olivia says  January 4, 2016 at 8:05 am I’m glad I’m not the only one going through a mix of eagerness and stress to start off the year! This is the perfect warm and casual January look. I have that turtleneck, and it is the comfiest thing ever! 
Jess Zimlich says  January 4, 2016 at 8:23 am These are great goals, Jess! I can’t wait to see everything that 2016 has in store for you. Another meetup this year is in order, too  26 and Not Counting 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  January 4, 2016 at 10:36 am can’t wait to see all that’s to come for The Golden Girl this year! I also love this turtleneck and have it in grey and black. I need the striped version though! 
Carly says  January 4, 2016 at 1:35 pm So proud of you and can’t wait to see what’s to come!!! Every time I see you wearing this turtleneck I alllllmost buy one…today just might be the day. XOXO
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Jess says  January 4, 2016 at 1:56 pm So you’ve seen it 1,897,000 times already and you haven’t bought it!? ;-P 
Carly says  January 4, 2016 at 1:59 pm I told you, that exchange rate has been a real buzzkill for my spontaneous online shopping  
Kristina Anderson says  January 4, 2016 at 4:04 pm Adorable combo!! I keep trying on striped turtlenecks but never find one I like, might not be for me  Kristina does the Internets 
Kelly in the City says  January 4, 2016 at 4:38 pm You are the cutest!!! And all hail the striped turtleneck.  xoxo 
Devon says  January 5, 2016 at 10:29 am Love this combo! I totally need that turtleneck!! seventeendresses.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Dress Pumps, Gold Flat Shoes, White Lace Dresses, Boxes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 14, 2015  
There are only a few sales each year (outside of black Friday) that I advocate jumping on with major enthusiasm. The ShopBop Friends & Family Sale is one of them! Enjoy 25% off mostly everything (yes, of course, there are exclusions.)  Now is the perfect time to stock up for Fall & Winter. And want to know the best part? Items in your ShopBop cart transfer over when you shop for your boy on East Dane, too! (If you haven’t heard of East Dane, it’s the men’s version of ShopBop!) Shop my favorite Women’s and Men’s ShopBop picks below, and don’t forget, the sale only goes until October 17th!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

   Clothing:    
Outerwear:    
Accessories:            Clothing:    
Accessories:       



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  October 14, 2015 at 3:11 pm Love your picks! Her Heartland Soul
http://herheartlandsoul.com 
Amelia Vesper says  October 14, 2015 at 3:13 pm Hooray for the Shopbop sale! I ordered some boots yesterday and I’m super excited for them to arrive  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pink Sneakers, Boxes, Denim Dresses, Platform Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 11, 2017   Dress: c/o Sanctuary–runs large, order size down (also comes as a ruffle one-shoulder top here!) Similar and slightly more form-fitting here  and similar bell-sleeved version here (make sure to order a size up as the brand runs small!) This dress also comes in the cutest chambray version! // Shoes: c/o Sole Society (free 2-day shipping when you order from their website!)–also available at Nordstrom, and come in orangey-red and black, too! I absolutely loveee these shoes!) They also come in a lower heel which are also sold at Nordstrom. I also think this very similar pair in navy is so cute. // Bag: Cult Gaia Ark Bag (size large)–currently sold out but available for pre-order, shipping in June! If you like the look of basket bags, I just found this one on Amazon and it’s so cute and it’s only $40! // Earrings: c/o Sole Society (similar favorites below!) // Bracelet: c/o Monica Vinader (comes in gold, rose gold, and silver!) Did you know that Chicago’s nickname, “The Windy City” actually has nothing to do with the weather? It’s true. It actually refers to the “hot air” blown by the city’s corrupt politicians back in the late 1800’s, and was coined by a newspaper editor in New York City. You wouldn’t know that though, looking at these photos. Kelly and I had just wrapped up an event at Nordstrom last Friday when we shot these and WOAH was it windy! Emma was actually in a stroller about 3 feet to the right of the frame and it’s a miracle her stroller didn’t start rolling away! (Seriously, what a trooper. She barely made a peep!) We started our day early with a breakfast at Nomi hosted by Jenn and Monica Vinader, then went straight to Nordstrom, and somehow managed to sneak in this shoot afterwords! Baby of the year! (And also mom of the year goes to Kelly for managing all of this while Mitch was out of town!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

When Kelly got pregnant, I really had no idea what our lives were going to look like once she had a baby. (I mean, some weeks I’ve spent more hours with Kelly than I have with Neal! She was only my second close friend to have a baby, and she was/is my work wife. I had no idea what to expect!) Truth be told, it really hasn’t changed that much since Emma’s arrival–it’s just gotten better! Its so weird to think about our lives before Emma. It was SO fun spending the whole day with them last week. Sure, it’s a bit harder to coordinate shooting and other work-related things these days, and often we are singing “My Mommy Comes Back” (which is some hilarious but very terrible old kids song from the 70’s that apparently Kelly’s mom sang her as a child that I hadn’t heard before, but quickly learned because it always makes Emma stop crying!) and Sesame Street’s “Letter of the day” but it really makes it that much more fun! We should really document this next time, because sometimes it’s like watching a three ring circus. (Side note: If your baby is also obsessed with “Letter of the Day” from Sesame Street–there’s a youtube video I found that strings the songs A-J together in a continuous loop that you need to have on hand to bring out during emergencies. Emma LOVES it and stops crying immediately! Also, if you don’t have a baby, you should listen to it anyway because it’s WEIRDLY catchy and it will always be stuck in your head!) Anyway, I’ve clearly been in major denial about the weather lately (it LOOKS like Spring outside, but really hasn’t felt like it!) because I decided to wear this summery off the shoulder ruffle dress and the cutest new fringe lace-up wedges (come with free 2-day shipping!) Truth be told it was a littttllee chilly for this type of attire but I couldn’t stand to pull on another pair of close toed shoes! (And I can never stand waiting to wear any new cute outfits!) I’m heading to my friend Leigh’s bachelorette party in Florida this weekend so I’ll definitely be bringing both of these as well as these adorable turquoise fringe earrings!   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

       Shop this outfit:    This is a similar version to my dress above, but sightly shorter and more form-fitting, if that’s more your style! Love these art deco earrings to make a subtle statement! They would look so cute with casual outfits like a black tank and jeans, or even with a black evening gown for a wedding! I love the lace detail on this dress. Perfect for any summer day or warm vacation! I love Bloomingdales Aqua brand–they have the cutest dresses right now and most are under $100. This feminine floral number is one of my favorites. I think this needs to come along with me to our honeymoon in Cabo! The color! The sleeves! The price! (It’s only $42!) I love the black version of my fringe wedges above–they’re a fun twist on the typical black summer heels! **Another item to add to my honeymoon packing list!** Love the one-shoulder ruffle detail and this fun, girly print! I’ve been wanting a pair of tassel earrings just like this, and BaubleBar has so many colors! I love the lower heeled version of my wedges–plus, Sole Society has free 2 day shipping! More party earrings! Love the salmon-coral color of this pair. Bring on the fiesta! Speaking of fiestas, doesn’t this remind  you of the yellow version of the salsa dancer emoji!? This dress would be perfect for a summer wedding. I love this black ruffled OTS dress that would be perfect for SO many occasions this summer! It’s Aqua at Bloomingdales, too! Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jenn Lake says  May 11, 2017 at 8:07 am So gorgeous lady! Thanks for the shoutout! 
Jess Zimlich says  May 11, 2017 at 9:25 am Gah, those earrings are too good! You look gorgeous  My best friend is pregnant right now and even though we no longer live in the same city, I have been anxious thinking about how our friendship might change, but this is encouraging! I hope you have a great time in Florida! Bring back some of that warm weather   26 and Not Counting 
Kristina Anderson says  May 11, 2017 at 10:19 am I love those earrings – so cute!! Kristina does the Internets 
Shannon Scribner says  May 11, 2017 at 4:09 pm LOVE the dress! Also found this very similar (and so cheap!) version from our favorite mid 2000s store hehe.  https://www.abercrombie.com/shop/us/p/off-the-shoulder-dress-9452719_03?ofp=true 
Kelly Larkin says  May 11, 2017 at 7:51 pm Just read this and got all teary eyed and LOVE YOU <3 
Jane Genuine says  July 12, 2018 at 8:10 am That one is really fabulous! Where did you get your  dress? I checked on Sanctuary website but it’s not working at the moment. Well, as for me, I get cute dresses at https://www.limelush.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Wedge Sandals, Brown Flats, Black Wedge Shoes, Black And White Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 30, 2016   Photo by Kelly  I have to admit, I’m getting a little overwhelmed with all the cyber sales still going on, and I’m sure you’re feeling the same. What’s great is that a lot of deals are still continuing throughout the week, so if you haven’t gotten started on your holiday shopping yet, there’s still time to do so at a discount! Here are some of my favorite items that are currently on-sale, which would make great gifts for loved ones, and great wardrobe staples for yourself! Plus, I’ve also listed my favorite sales happening right this very minute!   30% off lot’s of festive styles plus an additional 30% off all sale styles 30% off sale items! They also just published their gift guides which are SO helpful. Anthro is my go-to for stocking stuffers and small gifts! Continued markdowns on brands like Nike, Sperry (Duck Boots, too!), UGG, Sam Edelman and more! 50% off Sale Styles Their Cyber Weekend sales have ended, but they still have a TON of great stuff marked down! Their sale section is still worth perusing  Plus, they price match, so you know you won’t find a better price elsewhere! I just bought these cords in “deep green” yesterday! Cyber Sale Extended: Take 20% off everything sitewide (use code GIVE20) 25% orders over $500 (use code GIVE25) and 30% over $1,000 (use code GIVE30)! This includes Barbour  40% off party essentials like dresse, skirts, jewelry and cold weather items. Plus, 50% off sale styles. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
  Lot’s of amazing sale items! Great for gifts and entertaining! 20% off pretty much everything–furniture, rugs, bed & bath, pillows, and holiday decor! 20% off all in-stock items Up to 80% off (including major savings on holiday decor!) Savings up to 50% off, plus fast + free shipping with code CHEER! Some crazy markdowns on copper drinkware, pans, and more!    Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Bodysuits, Black Heel Sandals, Denim Jean Skirts, Graphic Sweatshirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 13, 2016     I can’t say that I wear a ton of rompers, but when I stumbled upon this perfect little thing perusing the racks at Nordstrom in preparation for a bachelorette party a couple weeks back, I knew I’d found a gem. (I’ve also never received more compliments on something I was wearing ever, so, you know, that’s always a plus.) Rompers aren’t always the easiest item to find–it seems like most of them put me in that whole Goldilocks situation–this one’s too short in the torso, this one is too short in the legs, this one gives me a wedgie, this one is too hard to get off to use the bathroom…(I mean, you’ve been there too. Don’t lie.) But the one you see here is truly perfect. I’ll tell you why.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

First, it’s the perfect amount of sweet and spicy. With a low v neckline and shorter shorts, I wouldn’t normally gravitate to something like this, as revealing things often make me feel like a floozy, but the scallops add just the right amount of sweetness to balance it out. Second, it’s got the perfect amount of give, so it hugs you in all the right places. It makes your waist look tiny and your legs look super long. (MAGIC.) AND it’s super easy to get on and off. No more having to McGyver out of your outfit in a gross bar bathroom while doing the potty dance. Third: It’s black, and the material isn’t too thin, and isn’t too thick–so you can wear it for literally any season. I bought this in the summer, but will be wearing it well into the winter, too. (And if you’re saying “I can wear a short romper in the winter? Of course you can! It’s the same thing as a short dress!) Anyway, you get it. The romper is magical. There’s one more thing we need to talk about. The SHOES! This is my first pair of lace-up pumps and oh my gosh am I in love. They’re Marc Fisher from Nordstrom–my first pair of shoes by the brand, and I have nothing but phenomenal things to say! (By the way, if you live in Chicago, Marc Fisher is having an event tomorrow, October 13th, at Nordstrom, where you can peruse all their brand new styles. Plus, they’ll be donating 20% of merchandise sold to local Chicago charities! Click here for more info if you’d like to attend!) In other news, we’ve been having so much fun in Grand Rapids! (Neal often comes here on work trips and I like to tag along!) Have you been? I’m always looking for great recommendations! (HopCat for their “crack fries” is always a must! We’re also hoping to check out the Vandermill brewery!) By the way…there’s also an amazing ShopBop sale (up to 30% off!) going on right now–make sure to stop by if you have a minute. There’s so much good stuff on sale!  
  P.S. You might also like “3 Transitional Wardrobe Staples” and “10 Essentials for your Fall Capsule Wardrobe.” Photos by Julie Kennedy   Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Carly | The Clydescope says  October 13, 2016 at 7:34 am Holy stunning, batman!!!! I have a bachelorette tomorrow night, wishing I had this romper in my closet…
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Meghan Donovan of wit & whimsy says  October 13, 2016 at 8:11 am You look STUNNING! love these photos and the romper is too cute 
Megan says  October 13, 2016 at 8:42 am Such a beauty! Love love love the romper // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Kristina Anderson says  October 13, 2016 at 10:08 am Those shoes are amazing!! I just ordered a similar pair yesterday and I can’t WAIT to get them!!  http://www.kristinadoestheinternets.com 
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  October 13, 2016 at 12:09 pm Obsessed with this romper! Your hair is looking stunning, too! xo, Laura
brightandbeautifulblog.com 
Devon says  October 13, 2016 at 12:14 pm That romper is amazing!! And I’m loving those shoes, girl! You’re rocking this look!! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Diana Pearl says  October 13, 2016 at 12:45 pm Loved this romper when you posted it on Instagram, and I love it here, too! So so cute! x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Kelly in the City says  October 13, 2016 at 6:42 pm JESSICA YOU ARE STUNNING!!!!!! Love you miss you okay bye 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  October 13, 2016 at 8:17 pm OMG! So pretty and your hair is sooooo long! 
TheVagabondWayfarer says  October 14, 2016 at 12:49 pm You are rocking this romper. Always a fan of your curls 
http://thevagabondwayfarer.com/ 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  October 15, 2016 at 9:28 am Dang, your legs look soooo long!! 
Stephanie says  October 16, 2016 at 8:07 am You should try Electric Cheetah in GR – only been once but I got to play yatzee for my sandwich! Didn’t win so my sandwich wasn’t free but it was still memorable (and tasty!) […] Jess looks drop dead gorgeous in these photos. That is all. […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Graphic Tees, Tees, Graphic Sweatshirts, Black Pump Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 9, 2016   Dress: Free People via ShopBop (also comes in this pretty blue color!) Loving this feminine off-white version too! // ‘Ella’ Bag: c/o J. Markell // Booties: Sole Society (old) but similar here, here, and here (also obsessed with these, which are the perfect transitional heels!)  First of all, thank you so much for your sweet words and messages after yesterday’s post, it means more to me than you’ll ever know and I feel so grateful to have your support and positive thoughts. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I’m actually writing this as I get ready to jump on a plane to Oregon for the weekend to do some wedding planning and visit family, so I’ll keep this post short and sweet, but there is one little thing positive note I’d like to share today:  In exactly one year, we’ll be getting married! I feel like the luckiest person alive, and I can’t imagine how ecstatic I’m going to be waking up on 9/9/17!  I finally get to see our venue in person on Sunday! (We booked it sight unseen. Sounds crazy, but you’ll see why soon enough) and we’re also meeting with our wedding planner!  More updates (and hopefully some semblance of normalcy around here) coming soon.  Love,  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Jess     Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Britney says  September 9, 2016 at 9:36 am Great outfit, Jess! Love those booties too! 
Kristina Anderson says  September 9, 2016 at 10:21 am Yay happy pre-versary! Interested to hear more about your venue!  Kristina does the Internets 
Sara Mendoza says  September 9, 2016 at 10:24 am LOVE this whole outfit!  Have fun planning the wedding, can’t wait to see pics of the venue…. 
Katie says  September 9, 2016 at 11:18 am Love it! I’m always worried booties with a dress will cut off my legs, but it looks so great on you! 
2blondie says  September 9, 2016 at 12:16 pm Have so much fun here in Oregon!! (I live in PDX) Also I absolutely love those booties!! Allie
allienotsally.blogspot.com 
Alyssa J Freitas says  September 9, 2016 at 1:13 pm Love this look! I hope that the normalcy does return soon and that you can remember your time with that special person fondly 
JoanaLoner says  September 9, 2016 at 9:30 pm hippyhot 
Jenn Lake says  September 10, 2016 at 10:40 pm So pretty! Love the details! 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  September 12, 2016 at 5:56 pm Love this dress!!! It’ll be so cute with boots in fall! 
Zainub Ashrafi says  September 26, 2016 at 8:45 pm Love this outfit. So cute! http://www.pomegranatestyle.com […] mantra. Rarely do I purchase anything that doesn’t fall into that category (although, sometimes I do surprise myself!) Lately, I’ve been wearing my Repetto flats (my souvenir from our trip to Paris!) […] […] mantra. Rarely do I purchase anything that doesn’t fall into that category (although, sometimes I do surprise myself!) Lately, I’ve been wearing my Repetto flats (my souvenir from our trip to Paris!) […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Up Dresses, Blue Cocktail Dresses, Pink Sneakers, Metallic Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 19, 2018   GUYSSSS ahhhh I’m so excited to finally share what I’ve been working so hard on behind the scenes! ?? Announcing…my downloadable Capsule Wardrobe Guide!  From the first day that I started my #CapsuleWardrobeRemix series, it has been a massive hit with you guys! You’ve long been asking for a full “how to” guide on how to curate your own capsule wardrobe for SO long, and now the wait is over! Huzzah! BUT–and you knew there’d be a but ?–I’ve taken it up a notch, because along with my tips and items list for my fall/winter capsule–I’m also giving you 30 different outfits to replicate to inspire you to get more out of your wardrobe and refine your personal style!    My three-step checklist to creating a versatile, cohesive wardrobe          30 example outfits to inspire you          Style lessons to show you how to style your trickiest wardrobe staples, and more!  Bodysuit:  I absolutely ADORE this bodysuit from Madewell. I’m constantly trying to find tops that bridge the gap between tasteful and “hint of sexy” for date nights and going out–and this is it! It also comes with three rows of snaps in the crotch so it fits a wide range of torso lengths (and obviously makes it easy to use the bathroom ?) I’d say it runs tight (duh Jess, it’s a bodysuit) so I went with a small vs XS and was happy with that decision.  Slinky camisole:  One of the most versatile things you can own–you’ll layer it under everything and wear it all season. Everlane’s run TTS. I also love lace-trim versions like this one!  Silk blouse:  Another year-round staple. I don’t know if I’ve ever created a capsule wardrobe without this in it! It’s my #1 favorite shirt in my closet. It runs TTS but it’s supposed to be a relaxed fit.  Turtleneck:  Whatever kind of turtleneck you’d like to add here is great! I wanted to include one chunky sweater in the mix so I went with this one, which runs big, but you can easily do a more form-fitting version! Everlane is my go-to for all sweaters! Sweatshirt:  I wanted to include a sweatshirt because I think people often have trouble figuring out how to make a sweatshirt look chic and stylish! This cozy fleece one is made from recycled plastic bottles and comes in tons of colors! Runs TTS.  Sweater blazer:  Ever since I got this sweater blazer you guys have been asking me to include it in a capsule, for good reason! It’s crazy versatile and comfy. No wonder I receive DM’s from you guys saying you own it in three colors, haha! This runs TTS.  Blazer:  I just got this from, where? (Everlane, duh) and I love the tweedy houndstooth texture-print combo and the fact that it’s tailored but doesn’t feel remotely stuffy like any old blazer you’d wear to the office, so it’s perfect for work but also to wear out! This runs TTS.  Mini skirt:  BlankNYC makes this skirt and so many other mini skirts I love. I fully appreciate that this mini skirt isn’t too “mini” so you could fully get away with wearing it with tights in a more casual office setting. This skirt runs TTS.  Striped layer:  I decided to put “layer” here because I wanted to emphasize how much stripes can do for your wardrobe but you should definitely base this layer on your own style. Whether that’s a crewneck tee, v-neck, or turtleneck–whatever works for you! My striped go-to’s are J.Crew’s Tissue Turtlenecks! (These run TTS) I also love this striped pocket tee!  Blue straight leg jeans:  I have been wearing my straight legged jeans from J.Crew non-stop, so I wanted to include them as well as my other favorite pair, the Cheeky Straight jeans from Everlane. (Both run true to size!)  Easy pants:  I know how you guys are always looking for cute work pants that you can style with other items outside the office, and these are definitely them! I’ll prove it ?The pair I’m wearing is Everlane, but J.Crew has some cute pairs too! Cropped black jeans:  My other favorite pair of jeans–lately I’ve been alternating between these cropped cigarette black jeans and the J.Crew jeans. These cropped black jeans are unlike any other denim material–they are super stretchy but very substantial (they’re thick, so ideal for winter) and they are ridiculously flattering!  Skinny jeans:  A timeless denim classic! In this capsule, I’m wearing Abercrombie’s high-waisted skinnies (which are a total steal!) My other go-to favorites at the moment are Everlane’s skinnies–I have both the high rise and mid-rise and both are A+++  Tall boots:  My top-selling pair of boots are always Blondo’s waterproof suede tall boots. They come in a couple different versions, which you can shop here–they just vary based on height, but you can’t go wrong! They look so cute with jeans and skirts!  Heeled boots:  My latest obsession–Everlane’s “Day” boots–these boots require no break-in and they are the same shape as my favorite heels–you can walk in them all day and your feet won’t hurt. They are also polished and feminine enough to wear to work with business casual attire (which is hard to do with a bootie).  Chelsea boots:  I’ve been on the hunt for a pair of flat ankle boots–I had the HARDEST time finding a pair–they were either too frumpy, too edgy, or the heel was too tall. (I needed something for Europe I could walk miles and miles in). I finally settled on this pair from & Other Stories, which is a small brand I absolutely LOVE. They make the coolest, most beautiful stuff. If you’re looking for another recco, I’d also highly recommend Sam Edelman’s Petty Chelsea Boots! They’ve got a slightly higher heel, but SO comfy and under $100!  Loafers:   I finally got a pair of Everlane’s loafers and I absolutely adore them. They are quite stiff but very comfortable (although they do take some breaking in). I think they’re MUCH more durable though because of the stiffer leather vs. a more buttery leather. The shape is the best part–they are more modern so they’re easier to style with everything–vs more classic loafers which can get “frumpy” on you if you don’t pair them with the right thing! (This makes them super great for work!) They run small, I went a 1/2 size up! I also adore my Gucci Loafers and Sam Edelman’s loafers!     My three-step checklist to creating a versatile, cohesive wardrobe          30 example outfits to inspire you          Style lessons to show you how to style your trickiest wardrobe staples, and more!  Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Jess' Picks, Style  
Nora Quinlan says  November 19, 2018 at 7:32 pm This is truly amazing!!! Thank you Jess for all of your hard work! I can’t wait to play around and be inspired! 
Brittany says  November 19, 2018 at 8:20 pm This is incredible work! I’ve asked you many times how to style pieces differently. Thankful for you and this platform! ? 
Ailsa says  November 20, 2018 at 4:53 am Thank you for this labor of love. I am so excited to see these recreations. 
Sam says  November 20, 2018 at 4:23 pm This was so so helpful! Thanks so much, Jess!! Can’t wait for more:) Happy thanksgiving! 
Victoria Chan says  November 20, 2018 at 10:25 pm Thank you so much for the outfit inspiration and your dedication to your followers! I love that your style is very approachable and that you always highlight how a “normal” person would wear an item many times.  Keep up the awesome work! 
Molly Farbe says  November 21, 2018 at 9:45 am I signed up for your email communications as suggested  above.  I got one email from you, but have not received the capsule email as promised.  I am wondering if maybe it just hasn’t been sent out yet? Can you confirm? or suggest what I should do next?  I love your blog, and would enjoy the capsule suggestions. 
Heather says  May 13, 2019 at 12:41 pm Hi Jess! Love your style! I’ve been desperately trying to find a pair of chelsea boots, have your & Other Stories ones held up well? Thanks! 
Michelle A McCaffery says  August 30, 2019 at 10:09 pm So disappointing tried to get the download got an error instead Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Swimsuit, Black Gowns, Printed Pants, Sam Edelman Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 9, 2018   HAPPY FRIDAY! Just casually coming at you from this arctic tundra under several inches of snow. ? CHIBERIA! I’m excited though because *fingers crossed* pending any weather implications, we’re heading to Dallas on Monday! Neal is going for work and I’m taking full advantage of our Southwest Airlines companion pass and hopping on the plane along with him solely for the excuse to remember what warmer temperatures feel like ? Anyway, today I’m excited to share the CUTEST little shift dress, styled four different ways for a bunch of different occasions! I think every woman needs a good shift dress in her wardrobe–and if you happen to be in the market for one, this little black shift is too cute, and is such an awesome price at $49! It’s one of my favorite staples and I’ve already gotten so much wear out of it in the past couple of weeks–it’s one of my go-to’s for going out at night! So–let’s chit chat a little bit more about shift dresses, and then jump into my favorite ways to style them, shall we? I absolutely love a great shift dress. They’re really flattering, appropriate for so many different occasions. But what IS a shift dress exactly? The “shift” part refers to the actual cut of the dress, which extends in a straight, simple line down from the shoulder. It’s typically shorter in length to hit above the knee. It’s one of the most iconic dress shapes of all time, and became popular in the 1920’s–the shorter hemlines were rebellious, and they also happened to be easy to dance in! Shift dresses have been a popular choice for women of all ages and for all occasions ever since! It’s said that Audrey Hepburn re-popularized them once again in the 50’s. (Admittedly, I think that’s why I love this dress so much, it’s so Audrey!) Which brings me to my second point… A shift dress is one of the most classic silhouettes out there, particularly because it looks good on a variety of body types–a black shift is the most universally flattering in my opinion ? While shift dresses are all similar in shape, they do come with different features to acommodate different body types! For example, if you have a larger bust, look for a dress with a v-neck as opposed to a high-neck, as well as one with darts to properly fit your bust. If you’re pear shaped, a more A-line shaped shift dress will likely provide a better fit! To accentuate curves (or even create them!) and define the waist, you can also add a belt! There are about as many ways to wear a shift dress as there are occasions to wear them! Here are four of my favorite styles, but you can easily substitute any of my items for similar items in your wardrobe–I’ll include a few substitution ideas in each as well!  Dress: Leith–only $47! (runs TTS. Wearing XS), Everlane makes a nearly identical cotton version that is a little swingier too–a bit more casual and great for all seasons! Leith also makes this version which has more of a high-low hem and is slightly less structured. Boots: Stuart Weitzman Lowlands. For budget friendly dupes, check out Nordstrom Rack–they have a lot on sale! Earrings: Amazon–only $8.99! (Can you believe it?!) Lipstick: RMS Beauty in RMS Red Hair: Curled with a t3 Micro 1″ wand curling iron (wand + attachment sold separately!) and finished with Oribe Apres Beach spray Makeup:  See this post for my full everyday makeup routine! If you guys remember a few weeks back, I posted this exact date look on Instagram stories when Neal and I were getting ready to go out on a dinner date! (We went to Boefhouse, our favorite restaurant! I included a write-up about it in yesterday’s post, if you’re curious!) You’ve heard me mention this before if you’ve been reading for awhile, but I love pulling style inspiration from different decades! I think by itself, this dress is very classic Audrey Hepburn, but paired with OTK boots, it brings in some cool sixties/seventies vibes! The boots make a statement while the black on black is understated–so by adding in some fun gold earrings, it makes the outfit modern and chic. Of course, I rarely leave the house when I go out without red lipstick–I think it’s the perfect finishing touch! Layer a leather jacket over the top for a little more edge! Instead of black OTK boots, you could go with some neutral OTK boots to warm up the outfit, or if you’d like a pop of color, swap the gold earrings for some fun colored tassel earrings or a pretty pendant necklace!     Dress: Leith–only $47! (runs TTS. Wearing XS), Everlane makes a nearly identical cotton version that is a little swingier too–a bit more casual and great for all seasons! Leith also makes this version which has more of a high-low hem and is slightly less structured. Tights: Admittedly these are from Walgreens, haha! But I’ve heard good things about Nordstrom’s brand of tights if you want to invest in a better, more quality pair! Pumps: Old (identical here and  here!) Blazer: BB Dakota c/o Shopbop. Also styled in this post! Stud earrings: Amazon (good for sensitive ears, too! They’re only $15!) Hair: Curled with a t3 Micro 1″ wand curling iron (wand + attachment sold separately!) and finished with Oribe Apres Beach spray Makeup:  See this post for my full everyday makeup routine! Lipstick: RMS Beauty in RMS Red You wouldn’t normally think of this dress as a “work” dress based on how I styled it above, right? But it’s totally appropriate for the office with the addition of tights and a blazer (ahem, MOST offices, I’m sorry if you have a very strict dress code, please don’t skewer me.) I love how this blazer isn’t as structured as others and it’s more of a felt material, which adds a really interesting texture to the outfit! It runs TTS (I’m wearing an XS!) I like to roll the sleeves for a little more added interest. For a more conservative office environment, go with completely opaque tights, if you’re worried about looking like you’re showing too much skin. Style your shift dress with a belt! Depending on your body type, you might find that layering a blazer over a dress can be a bit shapeless (and make you look square) if this happens, add a belt around the smallest point of your waist (you can play around with belting it underneath the jacket or over the top! This defines the waist and creates more of an hourglass shape! (This leopard belt would be so cute!)    Dress: Leith–only $47! (runs TTS. Wearing XS), Everlane makes a nearly identical cotton version that is a little swingier too–a bit more casual and great for all seasons! Leith also makes this version which has more of a high-low hem and is slightly less structured.  Pumps: Sam Edelman (I have the slingback old version but these are basically the same with a regular back!) I also love this chunky rounded toe version! Stud earrings: Amazon Lipstick: RMS beauty lipstick in RMS red Hair: Curled with a t3 Micro 1″ wand curling iron (wand + attachment sold separately!) and finished with Oribe Apres Beach spray Makeup:  See this post for my full everyday makeup routine! Stud earrings: Amazon (good for sensitive ears, too! They’re only $15!) Lipstick: RMS Beauty in RMS Red The classic Audrey look ? When I first purchased this dress, this is the first way I thought of styling it–perfect for a night out to a more upscale dinner or date, you could even make this work for a wedding or rehearsal dinner any time of the year! I think the topknot makes it so cute–did you know I first learned how to do a topknot from this post on Cup of Jo? I wanted to keep things simple, so I went with simple studs for earrings (I got these on Amazon! They’re sterling silver posts, so they don’t hurt sensitive ears, and they’re so cheap, haha!) and my go-to black pumps.    Dress: Leith–only $47! (runs TTS. Wearing XS), Everlane makes a nearly identical, slightly longer version that I also own (I styled it in green here!)–you can get it as low as $47! Leith also makes this version which has more of a high-low hem and is slightly less structured. Cap toe shoes: old but Sam Edelman makes an identical pair now! Silk button down: Everlane Relaxed Silk Shirt (comes in so many colors! I’m wearing a size 2 here!) Hair: Curled with a t3 Micro 1″ wand curling iron (wand + attachment sold separately!) and finished with Oribe Apres Beach spray Makeup:  See this post for my full everyday makeup routine! Stud earrings: Amazon (good for sensitive ears, too! They’re only $15!) Lipstick: RMS Beauty in RMS Red Another work-appropriate look (that can be made more conservative, again, with the addition of tights!) I absolutely love the look of a layered shift dress–you can treat it just like a jumper! (Remember those when you were a kid? Haha! I totally forgot about them until my mother in law was like, “you look so cute in your jumper!”–I was like AW! Jumpers! Throwback!) I like layering my silk button down underneath, or a slim-fitting turtleneck (J.Crew’s tissue turtlenecks are my fave!) underneath the dress for the jumper-like effect. It’s a totally different look, and it adds some warmth during the cold months (or if your office is just freezing, as they always are!) Cap-toe pumps are so adorable and these look just like the Chanel version (and I’m not complaining about their price tag ?) I love that they give off a little French-chic vibe!     Do you have a favorite shift dress? What are some of your favorite ways to style it? Also, if you have any requests for more “how to style…” posts, make sure to leave them in the comments below! You guys know I aim to please ? Photos by Hannah SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Randee says  February 9, 2018 at 7:05 am Once again you hit it out of the park!  Love all these classic looks with a simple dress. You’re the best!! 
Taylor says  February 9, 2018 at 7:38 am That shift dress is the best! I love the ways you styled it-so cute! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Abby says  February 9, 2018 at 8:43 am I just ordered this!! I bet it would be super cute layered over a turtleneck too. 
C says  February 11, 2018 at 10:18 am Love this blazer! What size did you choose? Trying to pick the best size for myself  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, Gold And Silver Jewelry, Yellow Bikinis, White Sheath Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 26, 2013  This is the first week in months (obviously) that I’ve dragged out my bin of fall shoes. They were a very sad sight, those old dusty boots. They’ve been through a couple winters now with very little polish to their names. That being said- I think it’s time to add more to the collection, and I’ve had my eye on some cropped black booties. These little puppies work double closet duty and look great with jeans for work and with a skirt for date night. Here are some of my favorites that I came across on Piperlime this morning…   cropped equestrian booties from Michael Kors  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   punky black and gold Seychelle booties will give any outfit an edge   gilded toes on this pair of Report booties   this sophisticated french connection pair is a must-have Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Cutout Dresses, Silver Sandal Heels, Gold Pumps Shoes, Denim Jean Skirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 7, 2019  Arrreee you ready for some LEOPARD print!?  Full disclosure, I definitely meant to get this post up earlier today, but, you know–life. (I know you understand, right? ?)  I’m really excited, because over on Instagram stories at 4pm CST, I’m doing a little styling session in collaboration with some other blogger friends I know you’ll love following: Natalie, Conni, Rebecca and Caitlin.  (If you missed our first round of “styling lessons” we, all shared 5 ways to style a black turtleneck, which you can watch on my story highlights here! Today we doing it again, and this week’s topic is….Leopard!)  How it works: Head to Instagram stories to watch the try on videos–everything I’m wearing, along with the photos of each outfit, are linked below for you to shop and reference whenever you would like! After you watch mine, you can go watch everyone else’s for FOUR X the inspiration. That’s literally like…over 20+ leopard outfits for you to copy! ?? Now, I want to preface that the looks I’m about to show you are of course, meant to be taken literally (and you can feel free to copy them verbatim) but overall, just like everything I wear–they’re meant to be style “recipes” – you can make them your own and make substitutions that work for you. I hope these encourage you to think outside of the box when it comes to getting dressed. Ask yourself, “what OTHER pants would work for this look? What swap could I make to make it work for X occasion?” or “Could I swap that for a skirt?” and so on.  Above all, I hope this little style lesson gives you some fun ideas and makes you more confident about wearing one of my favorite prints–leopard print! ?? DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO READ THIS POST–PLEASE READ–I’VE GOTTEN A LOT OF QUESTIONS! **First section–you will find everything I’m wearing in these photos by item category. I’m listing them upfront so you can refer back to this list for sizing, descriptions, etc, and that allows me to talk more about styling tips under each outfit photo.  Second section: You can also keep scrolling down to see items linked with each outfit photo!**  *Please refer to this section in regards to item details, sizing, etc, as those details are not provided below each outfit photo to avoid being redundant!*     Classic white oxford button down: Mine is old, but Everlane makes an identical version. In my experience Everlane is true to size in shirts. If you don’t already own a white oxford, I think it’s one of the most versatile staples you can own–I wear mine in all four seasons and for all occasions. It’s the easiest way to look polished no matter where you’re going!  Black wrap top: This one is Nordstrom’s 1901 brand. (They make really cute, classic items!) I love this top because it’s super comfy, but it’s also really versatile and flattering. Because of the way it wraps, you can totally adjust the neckline to make it lower cut or higher cut. (At least for me, so keep that in mind–I’m sure that would be harder to do for bustier ladies.) Runs TTS. I got an XS. Comes in lots of colors! Halogen also makes a similar one that is also available in petite and plus!  Leopard print blouse: J.Crew (TTS–similar here, here and if you want something more subtle, you’ll like this version from Banana!) I also love this version too, which is a little more neutral!  Cream cashmere mock neck sweater: c/o Everlane. I love this sweater, it’s perfect for transitioning into spring too because it’s so light! For the price, it’s tough to beat! It’s a staple you’ll have for a long time. It runs TTS.  Raw Hem Skinny Jeans: Rag & Bone–I’m SO glad they brought them back! I’ve had these jeans for two years and they were my top-selling jean in 2017! They’re high waisted but not SUPER high (medium rise people will still like them) and very stretchy but they don’t bag out. Maybe they’ve changed the sizing since I bought them years ago but they ran big, so I would size down if you’re on the fence.  Camel trousers: Leith–only $55! Also come in black! They feel like sweatpants and are a really cute comfy option for work.  HOWEVER, you should know that they are very thin material–so you’ll probably have to be careful about the kind of underwear you wear with them because the lines will show (i.e. you need to wear a thong with them! TMI but I was wearing hanky pankies that were too big for me when I put these on and you could totally see the bunched up lace–but with a normal thong you’ll be fine!) Also I wish they were shorter–I’m 5’6 and they’re full length on me, so these would not work for petite girls unless you got them hemmed. All in all though, they’re a great, comfortable option for very little investment!  Leopard Midi Skirt: J.Crew–runs TTS–wearing a 0. If you love it, snap it up fast because they’re almost sold out! I also love this non-pleated version that is $59 at Urban! If midi skirts aren’t your thing, you should definitely check out LOFT’s adorable leopard mini!  White sneakers: Tretorn–I just got these because my Jack Purcells have been through a beating over the past three years and I was in need of some new white sneakers. (Tretorns run TTS as do Jack Purcells, btw). I think they’re so cute–polished, classic, on-trend but not too trendy. Also available at Anthro. I really like their Meg sneaker as well! They are SO comfortable, I don’t think they’ll require any breaking in at all! They feel like slippers! (Also, make sure to get Scotchgard fabric spray to keep them white. I know Scotchgard has bad chemicals in it though ?if you know of a safe alternative please let me know! It’s just so effective–spray them outside, and remove your shoes before you come in the house!)  Cap toe pumps: Mine are super old, but this pair is identical and Sam Edelman makes dupe pair too! (I actually just ordered the Sam Edelman’s because this pair is old and beaten up–but they’re too big, so size down 1/2 size if you get that pair!) These are some of my favorite shoes and I think they make everything you pair them with look so French and classy!  Leopard loafers:  Sam Edelman (30% off!!)–they are SO comfy. No break in! Run TTS. I’ve worn them a TON on the blog, just search “leopard loafers.” I also love them in black–great Gucci dupes!  Pointed toe pumps: Mine are old Sam Edelman (the oldest shoes in my closet, I’ve worn them for YEARS) but Sam Edelman makes a lot of current versions here!  Tan booties: Mine are old, but similar here (they’re waterproof! You guys rave about these!) here, and here! Leopard print scarf: Mango–(super affordable!)–I love Mango’s selection of scarves! Actually, I got this one in Portugal but it’s available online! I wear it all kinds of ways (read how I tie my scarves here) but I love tying it in my hair for a subtle touch of leopard print, plus, it’s a great way to make unwashed hair look adorable! (I do this almost every day when I travel and don’t want to do my hair/want to keep it out of my face!)  Coat: BB Dakota c/o Shopbop. **But I just found it on major markdown here!! So def see if they have your size there!!** Omg. I LOVE IT SO MUCH!!! I know, it’s not like I’m the kind of girl who buys a lot of faux fur coats, but I’ve been wanting a faux fur coat for a really long time, and I’m so excited I finally pulled the trigger on this one! It’s the prettiest dusty rose color that feels very neutral and subdued with just the right amount of feminine pink. Plus, it was a very decent price–$150! I will own this coat forever and will it down to my granddaughter when it’s “vintage.” WATCH how cute it makes every outfit I pair it with!  **If you have questions on sizing of items or want more alternatives, please refer to the above section**  Okay, I wanted to start off with a very approachable way to wearing leopard, because I know there are a lot of you out there who are probably saying, “that’s all fine and great Jess–you’re a style blogger–but leopard does NOT work for me and I cannot pull it off.”  But that is so wrong! Anyone can pull off leopard, but if it just feels too out of your comfort zone, that’s okay too! I definitely recommend starting with a small accessory–like a leopard print clutch, or in this case, a scarf tied in your hair! (You could also tie this scarf around your neck for the same effect!)  I wear scarves like this in my hair A-LOT when I’m traveling–because I never want to spend time styling my hair, often times I go more often without washing it, AND it’s especially great when it’s hot and you need your hair off your face but want to look cute at the same time. See my tutorial on how I tie it on my instagram stories!  Anyway, you can really wear a scarf in your hair with any outfit, but I wanted to showcase how cute it looks with a classic oxford, skinny jeans, and sneakers. You don’t have to get crazy–the most simple outfit is always elevated with a little leopard print!  Alternative footwear:   Now, say, you wore that outfit walking around on Saturday and you need to head out to dinner. All you need to do is change your shoes into a pair of chic cap toe’s, and you’re ready to go! I also want to stress that this, like everything I’m going to share here, is a formula–which means it can be adapted to any setting. Going to work? Change out the jeans for office pants. Want to make it a little sexier for a date? Wear it with a silk camisole!   Everyone is always asking for versatile, casual looks that are great for date nights, and this is one of them! (I’ll have more later on as well!) This wrap top is great (see stories for more detail) because you can kind of position it one way or another to customize how low cut it is. Make it more low cut for date night, or higher cut for a more conservative occasion, like work! The scarf adds just the right amount of pattern, and the shoes add polish! I also love how the raw hem of the jeans adds a little “edge”–(the Juxtaposition rule, remember?!)   You’re going to be seeing this coat a few times, because I love it SO MUCH and I wanted to show how versatile it is. It’s definitely a statement, yes, but that doesn’t mean it can’t be versatile! It’s especially great to reach for on the days where you really just want to feel beautiful and stylish but you’re feeling a bit lazy–because it really does all the work for you. OR, on the contrary, even with the most darling outfit, it really takes things to the next level in the most stylish way! I think the color of the coat is especially perfect with the subtle print of the leopard scarf!   You guys are always asking for more work options, so I wanted to work these pants into a few different looks. They are literally office appropriate sweat pants, so that’s a huge win, obviously. I really like the tan/black combo with the leopard! It creates a seamless color-blocking look, and the leopard pattern isn’t TOO much for the office and it really makes the outfit much more interesting!   Same pants, totally different style! Dress these pants up with a pointed toe pump and pair them with a leopard print blouse for a look that kind of reminds me of chic Eliza Thornberry but in a good way. ?This could easily work with any pair of black work pants too!   One of my favorite looks and how I wear this shirt most often–with jeans and neutral booties! This is great for a casual date night, drinks with girlfriends, and even work if you work in a more casual environment! PLUS…wanna see a magic trick!?   When you think “leopard blouse” you don’t usually think of a cardigan (mine is old, similar here) as a likely pair, but it works so well, and makes the outfit SO much more casual/approachable, and puts a whole new twist on it! You could totally go with a black cardigan as well but I like the neutral on neutral of the sweater + booties.   Again, the fur coat for the win! How perfect is this for going out with the girls!? I think the leopard blouse and coat are a match made in heaven! Originally I wasn’t sure if it was going to be too much, but I think the color of the coat really softens the combination and makes it more approachable.   Ohhhh how I love midi skirts. I really need to get more of them. Many of you always want “how to wear ankle boots for work” inspiration. So I wanted to play around with this combo. I LOVE it! This outfit is the Juxtaposition Rule at it’s finest–there are so many different styles at play here, and that’s why it works so well! I also think that we tend to gravitate toward pairing black with leopard. But we never think about light neutrals–so I hope this gives you a fresh perspective! (Is it just me, or does wearing white in the winter somehow make it feel less drab??)  Tip: Whenever you’re wearing something that lacks shape, you really want to make sure you define your waist, which is why I always tuck in my tops into this skirt. Otherwise, you’re one giant rectangle–you always want to emphasize your waist at it’s smallest point. The eye loves symmetry!   I couldn’t NOT throw the coat in here one more time, right!? ?But really, how amazing does it look with this ensemble? You could totally wear this to work, throw your hair into a topknot, refresh your red lipstick, and throw on this coat, and you’re ready for a night out on the town! It’s the same outfit, but a COMPLETELY different feel!  That’s it! How did you like this styling session? I hope it helps you get dressed the rest of the week! ??  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Taylor says  February 7, 2019 at 4:40 pm Love posts like this! Love seeing multiple ways to style a specific piece or trend! Taylor | http://www.livingtaylored.com 
Rachel says  February 7, 2019 at 4:42 pm Hey Jess! Thanks so much for the style tips! I have a question on the raw hem jeans. How do you keep them from fraying? 
Kristinanne says  February 8, 2019 at 5:47 am Run a line of straight stitching directly above the fray.  Super easy by machine or at your dry cleaners. 
Rachel says  February 8, 2019 at 9:54 am Thanks! 
Miki says  February 8, 2019 at 6:02 am Hi, Where did you get creame sweater?
Thanks 
Caitlin says  February 8, 2019 at 9:09 am I love your style posts! Totally played around with a scarf in my hair this morning.  
Kimber says  February 8, 2019 at 12:31 pm Loving the scarf!! I would never think to try that but I think I’m going to give it a whirl! Leopard has always been one of my favorite prints, great post, super helpful! 
Michelle says  February 11, 2019 at 10:39 pm Love this post, casual but so cute and versatile! 
Jane Davidson | Typically Jane says  February 12, 2019 at 5:52 pm Would it be too much to wear head to toe leopard? Asking for a friend. LOL! I just love it so much! I absolutely love all these pieces. 
Sheila says  February 15, 2019 at 8:50 am Love your ideas!
Will this allow me to follow your posts? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tunic Dresses, Tan Wedge Sandals, Printed Sweaters, Brown Flat Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 24, 2019   Dress: Topshop (Wearing my usual Topshop size–a 2 US! It’s supposed to be a bit loose though!) Shoes: Loeffler Randall (also come in a lower heel!)–SO comfy–run TTS! Purse: Topshop (sold out but they have SO many cute similar ones!)  Happy Monday! How was your weekend? We had a great, relaxing couple of days–a lot of time spent with friends and hanging out on the front deck! (Summer, is that you?) We’re also feeling VERY accomplished, because we finally booked our Spain trip! We’re doing Barcelona and Mallorca in September–I’ll share more details later! We are so, so excited!  Okay, so–remember when I went to Vegas for my friend Kai’s bachelorette party a few weeks back? I had NO idea what to wear, so I ordered a LOT of dresses (this leopard mini is the one I ended up wearing out!) but this cute little pink number (ON SALE for $33! Also comes in black, don’t worry ) was one I added to my cart–I loved it so much, I wore it to the Bad on Paper Podcast live show–and I was excited to shoot it for the blog to share with you guys, because there are lot’s of “events” that evoke that “AHHH I have nothing to wear!!” feeling–like bachelorette parties, rehearsal dinners, dinner dates, birthday parties, and more–you know, when you want to look cute, stylish, a little sexy, but classy and age appropriate–a dress code that is more casual than traditional “cocktail” attire, but typically more dressy than what you’d wear to dinner on an average night, you know?  It’s long sleeve. It is nice to not wear a regular bra, you know?  It’s conservative enough on top but short enough to still be appropriate for a bachelorette party without being matronly.  It’s VERY flattering. The shape looks great on a variety of body types!  It also comes in black, which makes it even more versatile. (The pink is selling out super fast but the black is fully stocked!)  It’s something you’ll wear year-round! (at least the black is–it’ll look so cute with tights and booties!)  Shop this and other “I have nothing to wear!” dresses:  
   These Loeffler Randall Penny Knot slides are DEFINITELY a splurge, but I love them SO. MUCH. They are insanely comfortable (no rubbing, no blisters) and they’re such an easy way to dress up any outfit and put statement-making, fashion-forward twist on whatever you’re wearing–without feeling too over the top. I’ve wanted these shoes for years, so I’m glad I finally took the pluge, and they’ve become my favorite pairs of shoes as of late! They also come with a lower heel (low in stock but the website says restocking in July!) If you’ve been looking for a fun pair of statement heels that are comfy–these are them!      Photos by Hannah Schweiss  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And White Dresses, White Sleeveless Blouse, Lace Midi Dresses, Black Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 20, 2017   Happy Wednesday! How has your week been so far? We’re halfway through! Hooray! I’ve spent a lot of time just playing catch-up, but managed to sneak away from work for a fun event with The Everygirl, followed by girls dinner with Shaheen and Blair! Since Shaheen and I both live in Wicker Park, we see each other several times per week, but I feel like I’ve barely seen Blair at all these past few months–it was so great to catch up. Usually we see each other often, especially with BFK, but with the wedding things just got so crazy! I can’t believe her cute belly is so big now–we’re so excited to meet baby Staky in just a couple months! Eeek! I’m also prepping to shoot with my friend Cassandra again this week as well. It feels like it’s been ages since I shot outfit photos (sorry about that!) so I’m excited to get back into the groove. (I’m sure you’re like, “GAHH FINALLY!”) Anyway, I had a different post planned for today actually, but then I noticed that Bloomingdales was having an incredible sale. Like, so good that, for example, even Stuart Weitzman Lowlands are included, as are so many awesome denim brands like my personal faves, Levi and J.Brand. You can also get amazing cashmere sweaters for only $150. (Oh, also, two pairs of loafers you’ll love AND some budget-friendly LBD’s you can wear to any winter wedding!) Phew. That was a mouthful. How it works: The more you buy, the more you save. (Hint: Go in with friends for the most savings!) So–I figured, I kind of couldn’t NOT tell you about it, right? Basically, I’ll stop rambling. Just scroll below–you’ll see all my favorites! Did you know that Bloomingdales brand, AQUA, makes a bunch of amazing cashmere basics every year? There are a few of their cashmere sweaters on this list, and this is one of them! Definitely the most affordable opportunity out there to score cashmere before winter hits! Stuart Weitzman Lowlands are included in the sale! I could not believe my eyes–this almost NEVER happens, and right now you can save $200 when you buy them during the sale! (The 50/50’s are included too, keep scrollin’!) It’s no secret that I love my J.Brand jeans. The Maria’s–their famously flattering high-rise skinny fit, are part of the sale in lot’s of colors and washes. How cute is this suede moto jacket? It was a great price before the sale, and even better now! It comes in this burgundy color, plus a dark olive, as well as a pretty orangey-tan. I actually JUST ordered these loafers from Nordstrom before I saw them on sale at Bloomies! Haha! They are super cute and can’t wait to try them on! I love everything scalloped–but sometimes they can feel a little too “little girlish”–this dress is the perfect mix of feminine and grown-up, and would be perfect for a wedding year-round! Another cashmere staple–I love that this is like a zip-up sweatshirt, but sweater material, so it’s less sporty and more classic! Another great winter wedding must-have–this swingy midi dress is velvet and so cute for any cocktail occasion this winter or fall. More velvet! (Can you tell I have a problem? Haha!) I love the blush tone of these pretty loafers. On-sale cashmere and off the shoulder–need I say more? Here they are! The 50/50 boots, yes, 25% off. Wahoo! My favorite pair of Levi’s is also included in the sale! The pair I have is less distressed, but I’ve seen this pair on friends and loved them sooo much. Last but not least (clearly I have an LBD thing going on today?) how beautiful is this wrap dress? Absolutely stunning for a formal occasion this fall and winter, but honestly, you could wear it year-round! Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Heels Shoes, Blue Shoes Flats, Grey Leggings, Printed Jumpsuits and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 28, 2019  Happy Tuesday!  Did you have a great Memorial Day weekend!? We definitely did! We celebrated our friends Brian and Annie tying the knot–and then went to the lake house for the remainder of the weekend!  Today I’m excited to be teaming up with some friends for another Instagram Story Styling Lesson! At 2pm CST this afternoon, I’ll be posting a series of stories on Instagram–going into detail about each of these looks, along with Anna, Connie and Rebecca, who are styling their own looks with joggers! I love doing these little collabs with other blogger friends not only because it gives you guys so much inspiration from other women with different styles and body types, but it also is fun to introduce you to other awesome gals to follow!  First thing’s first–let’s talk about the featured piece of the day: These joggers!  Sizing: Run big, size down 1 size.      I got these before my trip to Mexico. I always like to wear something on the plane that is comfortable, but still stylish and respectable. I have a personal rule that I do not wear sweatpants in public. I just think you should dress for the life you want and nobody looks at someone in sweatpants and says, “they look like a respectable member of society.” You never know when you’re going to need to be taken seriously–whether that’s sweet talking an airline attendant or sitting next to someone super important on the plane.  Thus–that’s why joggers come in handy. Feel like sweatpants, look like real pants–it’s a win-win. I actually didn’t own joggers before this linen pair–again, because they looked to sweatpantsy for me. Then I saw this pair and fell in love! The linen allows you to really dress them up–plus, it ensures they don’t make you overheat in the summer! Great for everything from a beach vacation to a Europe trip, a weekend at home, or a casual, yet polished coffee meeting!  For these looks, I went with three “base” looks, and then a change of shoes to show you how versatile the look can be! You can actually mix and match any of these outfit combinations to create endless variations!   This is basically my airplane uniform as of late! Comfy joggers, sneakers, a striped tee for a little pattern, and a jean jacket!  Striped tee: The one I’m wearing here is super old, but I love this one on sale at J.Crew! Also, this one from Everlane is adorable and only $25!  Tretorn Sneakers: THE BEST SNEAKERS! They go with everything (even dresses!) and are SO comfortable! They don’t need any break-in! I always wear them on the plane too, because they’re easy to get off and on (unlike a lot of sneakers!) They sold out at Nordstrom but they’re fully stocked at Shopbop (which has Amazon Prime shipping!) Run TTS.  Jean jacket: This one is also from Everlane! Runs a little oversized, fyi! The perfect top layer for travel–I hardly ever go anywhere without my jean jacket, and it keeps you warm on the plane, too!   If you work in a casual environment but obviously want to remain polished–this is such an easy way to do just that! Isn’t it nuts what a difference a simple change of shoes makes!?  Striped tee: The one I’m wearing here is super old, but I love this one on sale at J.Crew! Also, this one from Everlane is adorable and only $25!  Jean jacket: This one is also from Everlane! Runs a little oversized, fyi! The perfect top layer for travel–I hardly ever go anywhere without my jean jacket, and it keeps you warm on the plane, too!  Madewell mules: I love these mules because they’re comfortable and add such a “cool” vibe to any outfit! I love the off-white color but the tan or black color would also go well here! Available at Nordstrom, Shopbop and Madewell.   I wish I’d had these pants in Italy, because I totally would’ve worn this outfit again and again! Exploring/Shopping around Positano for example–is what this outfit would be perfect for!  White tank: Here I’m wearing Everlane’s Air Cami! It’s so lightweight it’s next to nothing on your skin–great for summer! I wore this in Rome on our hottest days in Italy and it saved me for sure. It’s only $22 and comes in multiple colors! If you’re in between, size down. If you want a tank with wider straps, there’s Everlane’s linen muscle tank, or J.Crew’s Linen pocket tank is 40% off right now!  Everlane Day Sandals: The new sandals! They are A DREAM. The leather is so buttery and soft–you could walk for miles in these and not have one blister! Come in other colors too! They also go with everything, so you’ll wear them day and night! TTS.  Hair scarf: Head to my instagram story highlights to see how I tie this scarf! I always wear a scarf in my hair when traveling because it makes your hair look way cuter when you don’t want to style it! (Plus, keeps your hair off your face in the heat!)   Just swap your shoes for sneakers, and you’re ready for a day of exploring! You can walk for miles and miles and stay cool and comfortable. (And cute, obviously!)  White tank: Here I’m wearing Everlane’s Air Cami! It’s so lightweight it’s next to nothing on your skin–great for summer! I wore this in Rome on our hottest days in Italy and it saved me for sure. It’s only $22 and comes in multiple colors! If you’re in between, size down. If you want a tank with wider straps, there’s Everlane’s linen muscle tank, or J.Crew’s Linen pocket tank is 40% off right now!  Tretorn Sneakers: THE BEST SNEAKERS! They go with everything (even dresses!) and are SO comfortable! They don’t need any break-in! I always wear them on the plane too, because they’re easy to get off and on (unlike a lot of sneakers!) They sold out at Nordstrom but they’re fully stocked at Shopbop (which has Amazon Prime shipping!) Run TTS.  Hair scarf: Head to my instagram story highlights to see how I tie this scarf! I always wear a scarf in my hair when traveling because it makes your hair look way cuter when you don’t want to style it! (Plus, keeps your hair off your face in the heat!)   Another perfect travel outfit–especially if you need to stay protected from the sun–linen is THE way to go to stay cool, covered up, and chic! Not going anywhere? That’s okay! This outfit is great for brunch or any leisurely weekend activity at home!  Linen button down: One of my favorite summer staples and probably the one I’ve worn the most so far this season. The one I’m wearing here is from Lolë–I wore it in this post as well! I love that it’s tunic length so it can be worn long as well, even as a bathing suit cover up! It’s super lightweight and so breathable–it also is great for work! I can’t say enough good things. They are also an ethical, sustainable brand! It’s 100% worth the investment! If it’s not within your budget, check out UNIQLO, they have a linen button down at a steal!  Everlane Day Sandals: The new sandals! They are A DREAM. The leather is so buttery and soft–you could walk for miles in these and not have one blister! Come in other colors too! They also go with everything, so you’ll wear them day and night! TTS.  Hair scarf: Head to my instagram story highlights to see how I tie this scarf! I always wear a scarf in my hair when traveling because it makes your hair look way cuter when you don’t want to style it! (Plus, keeps your hair off your face in the heat!)   Again, CRAZY what a change of shoes can do, right?! These mules took this look from super casual, to polished enough to wear to the office! (If you work in a polished-casual environment, obviously!)  Linen button down: One of my favorite summer staples and probably the one I’ve worn the most so far this season. The one I’m wearing here is from Lolë–I wore it in this post as well! I love that it’s tunic length so it can be worn long as well, even as a bathing suit cover up! It’s super lightweight and so breathable–it also is great for work! I can’t say enough good things. They are also an ethical, sustainable brand! It’s 100% worth the investment! If it’s not within your budget, check out UNIQLO, they have a linen button down at a steal!  Madewell mules: I love these mules because they’re comfortable and add such a “cool” vibe to any outfit! I love the off-white color but the tan or black color would also go well here! Available at Nordstrom, Shopbop and Madewell.  Hair scarf: Head to my instagram story highlights to see how I tie this scarf! I think it’s such a great way to add more personality to your outfit–and also disguise unwashed hair, haha!  — That’s all, friends! What do you think? Do you love these joggers as much as me!? Make sure to tune into my Instagram stories at 2pm CST today to get more in-depth styling tips on these looks, and see how my friends Anna, Connie and Rebecca style their joggers as well!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Casual White Maxi Dresses, Short White Dresses, Ripped Skinny Jeans, Frayed Shorts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 24, 2016     On me: Red Parka: J.Crew Chateau Parka (Under $200!) also comes in tan // Jeans: Madewell (obsessed with them–really. They run true to size) also similar here, and budget friendly version here // Striped Tee: J.Crew (comes in several colors! Also love this similar t-shirt version) // Sunnies: Ray Ban // Booties: c/o Sole Society Chris booties (nearly sold out) but identical here, and I also love these from Rebecca Minkoff, and these Vince combo booties/sandals! // Tote: J.Crew Uptown tote (currently only available in black) but love this similar red tote.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

On Neal: Jacket: Barbour Tinford Quilted Jacket, also comes in red (nearly identical here, similar here in navy and also love this quilted vest) // Jeans: Old, similar here // Watch: Shinola, also love this classic white-faced version // Shoes: Cole Haan, similar here (splurge), and here (budget).    One of our favorite things to do on a Saturday or Sunday is roam around our neighborhood–the West Loop!  The typical weekend routine starts with me going to Yoga (CorePower–if you haven’t tried it, it’s awesome! I love their C2 classes), Neal going to the gym, and then we come back, shower, and then head out for a late brunch or an afternoon of exploring the neighborhood. 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

The West Loop is essentially a hub of Chicago’s most amazing restaurants, with plenty of patios just itching to open when given the slightest uptick in temperatures. A couple of my favorite spots? Parlor Pizza, Nellcote, Kaiser Tiger and RM Champagne definitely top the list. (Just in case you were wondering, they’re also fabulous in NON patio weather!)  This time of year is probably the hardest time for me in terms of getting dressed everyday. I cannot bring myself to put on my puffer coat, but it’s pretty tough to weather 40 degrees in a spring parka. This past weekend gave us some drop dead gorgeous weather, but let’s be honest, it was still COLD in comparison with the rest of the U.S.  So what’s a girl to do when she wants to act like it’s spring even though it feels like winter? Here are a couple of my go-to winter to spring weapons:   A great transitional coat: Go with a coat that still has some weight to it. I just picked up this red Chateau Parka from J.Crew (it runs really narrow in the armpits–weird, I know, so size up. I’m wearing a 4 and I’m usually a 2 in coats!) and while it’s meant for spring, it’s much heavier than your standard spring trench! It’s made of canvas, which is effective for blocking the wind and keeping warmth in.  Great layering tees: I just picked up this adorable striped top at J.Crew, which is perfect for layering. What you can’t see though, is this tank layered underneath it (hehe–sneaky). If you get too hot, you can take it off and stuff it in your purse. I’m serious–I do it all the time.  Zippo Hand Warmers: Zippo recently sent Neal and I some of their hand warmers to try out, and I’m not even kidding–these are the BEST THINGS EVER. They come in two different sizes, and fit right in your pocket to keep you warm and toasty for up to twelve hours at a time. To activate them, you pour in Zippo lighter fluid, and then light them with a lighter to heat them up. Then, pop them in their little warming bags, and into your pocket (or gloves, or boots, or wherever!) These would be amazing for ski trips too!  The larger version is perfect for the large coat pockets of my parka, and Neal loves the smaller ones for the breast pockets of his new Barbour coat (I just got him this one for his birthday!) He also wanted to make sure I told you that they are going to be “really awesome for Bears and Northwestern games in the fall.”  (P.S. if you purchase now through 2/29, you can get $5 off with code “GETHEATED”) Neutral, transitional booties: Because it’s still too chilly for open toes, transitional booties are a must-have in my book. They’re not too “wintery” and the lighter, neutral hue pairs really well with springy items as well as winter ones. (I also love this version!)            



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Thank you for Zippo for sponsoring this post. As always, opinions are 100% my own!  Filed Under: Chicago, Outfits, Style  
Mary Kate says  February 24, 2016 at 7:22 am I love this- the West Loop has some amazing places for sure! Mary Kate
http://www.mynewchicagolife.com 
Jess Zimlich says  February 24, 2016 at 8:18 am Does not leaving my couch count as a tip?  Kidding…kind of. I’ve been thinking of getting this trench in tan! The inside is too perfect. Also, RM Champagne looks like my kind of spot for the next time I’m in town! 26 and Not Counting 
Natalie @ Natalie Was Here says  February 24, 2016 at 9:37 am OMG I’d never heard of Zippo but now I’m kicking myself for not thinking of this idea first…my hands are ALWAYS freezing. Genius!  xo,
Natalie | Natalie Was Here 
Kelly in the City says  February 24, 2016 at 12:27 pm YAY for the red parka, and for Zippo: seriously a life-saver.  And NEAL: YOU STUD!! Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  February 24, 2016 at 1:08 pm LOVE this outfit and am going to try the Zippo! I always buy the disposable warmers but they never work and get cold so quickly – this is perfect!  Shaheen | Lows to Luxe 
Maggie says  February 24, 2016 at 4:27 pm I really like your red coat! I have a parka from northface that I actually find really cute! I never thought I would say that ha ha 
-Maggie   http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Jen says  February 24, 2016 at 8:09 pm Sounds like the perfect weekend! I recently moved to the west loop and am obsessed with the neighborhood. I’ve been meaning to drag myself out on the weekends to corepower. LOVE their sculpt classes   Jen
http://www.comfortably-chic.com 
Coachella says  May 31, 2018 at 3:42 am I am totally in neon red coat! The color of red is simply amazing! love the way you style it with simple day clothes, but I think this coat gonna look great with LBD! I also made a post about red coats, check it: http://standoutlook.com/street-style-how-to-wear-red-coats-in-2018/ […] thing, a wool coat is a great alternative that will also keep you warm. (This parka I wore here is another good […] […] Jess Keys – Golden Girl Blog   History in High Heels   Classy Girls Wear Pearls – Forever my #1 style inspiration   Kelly in the City   Hilary Rushford […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lingerie Panties, Black Wedge Shoes, White Sleeveless Blouse, Black And White Jumpsuit and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 13, 2015   Earrings: c/o Laguna Pearl // Jacket: (old) Urban Outfitters (Similar here) // Dress: (old) Zara (Similar) // Bag: J.Crew Uptown Tote  // Shoes: Keds // Bracelets: J.Crew Pave Link Bracelet, Kendra Scott, Busywrist  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

    There are a few classic staples I’ve come to really lean on in my wardrobe: the silk scarf, the little black dress, the perfect loafers. The jewelry equivalent of this would certainly be pearl earrings.  Some people think pearl earrings are only for prepsters and well-dressed moms. I have a lot of friends who write them off as “too preppy for me” or “they make me look like my mother!”  But in reality, pearl earrings add a classic, feminine touch to anything you wear with them! Ever since I got this pair from Laguna Pearl, I’ve barely taken them off. I chalked it up to Kelly rubbing off on me, but really, they truly do go with everything! I love the classic touch they bring to every outfit.  The best part about these in particular? They don’t hurt my ears! With such sensitive skin, 99% of earrings irritate my ears. I usually can’t wear earrings for more than a couple hours without having to take them out. But with these, I can sleep in them and leave them in for days, and they’re totally fine! I can’t speak highly enough of this little pair of earrings.   So to pull off pearls, you don’t have to pull out your gingham button down, pop your collar, and curl your hair. Make them work however you want them to! Here I met the girls for brunch for Kit’s birthday at Rural Society (which was soo good!) It was the perfect fall day, which called for one of my go-to weekend outfit combos: a striped dress, camo jacket, and white Keds. The pearl earrings combined with the girly dress gave this outfit the perfect balance of feminine-tomboy. (So then I wore it again the following Monday. Shhhh..)     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


  Do you have a pair of pearl earrings? If not, what are you waiting for? Go get yourself a pair!      Photos by Kelly Larkin
 This post is sponsored by Laguna Pearl, a brand that I love. All opinions are 100% my own. Thank you for supporting the brands that keep GG up and running!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristina Anderson says  November 13, 2015 at 10:32 am I personally love my pearl earrings, I wear them almost every day. They really can go with just about anything. Kristina does the Internets 
Carly says  November 13, 2015 at 10:34 am I LOVE pearl earrings too!! And also outfit repeating. We are truly soulm8s. 
Kelly in the City says  November 13, 2015 at 10:51 am Hehe! LOVE IT. I think you’re rubbing off on me, too. I just brushed powder all over my face and then had a sneezing attack. Something tells me I used too much…  You’re so pretty!! Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Liz Pinkham says  November 13, 2015 at 7:13 pm cutest pic of you! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Denim Capris, Long Dresses, Floral Long Dresses, Grey Coats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 18, 2018   Last Thursday was the best. I met Cassandra at The Robey for lunch. We caught up on so many things. You know the way that you do with your good friend you hadn’t seen in forever but it’s basically like you could’ve seen her yesterday. We hadn’t seen each other since before Christmas! We both had avocado toast and split an overflowing bowl of the most perfectly crisp frites, and then shot a bunch of pretty photos! Oh, did I mention it was almost 60 degrees outside!? This week though, has NOT exactly been like that. ? As I mentioned yesterday, I came down with a cold on Monday and it’s pretty much thrown off my whole week! I haven’t gotten nearly as much as I had hoped done. I had a bunch of appointments I had to reschedule. The house is a mess and I feel like I should probably just chalk this week up as a loss. I’ll have to start working on our home to-do list later. Do you ever have weeks like that where you blink and just wonder what you actually accomplished? Oh well! The good news: I HAVE purchased some pretttyyy great finds lately that I can’t wait to share with you. I’ll be styling them on the blog soon! The good news is that all of them are under $100 (okay all but one), and so many are great for work, too! SaveSave SaveSaveSaveSave I just got this sweater dress and I’m so excited to wear it out for a date night this weekend! It’s a great staple that will look adorable at work (you could layer a white button down under it too to mix things up!) and for a night out! (I plan to wear it with OTK boots!) It also comes in blush! Plus, it’s on sale for $38!  I am OBSESSED with this new faux leather jacket. I just wore it this past weekend, and it’s another staple that will work for so many occasions. Wear it to work over your favorite blouse and a cute pair of ponte pants (I styled them four ways over here in my latest capsule wardrobe post!) or slacks, and out with high-waisted jeans and a slinky camisole (my new fav is below!) $87 You’ve heard me chattering on and on about Abercrombie lately, and I really love their camisoles! I recently got this lace-trim one and it’s really pretty on its own or layered under a cozy cardi for a casual daytime look, or jacket for a night out. $28  I have been wanting a simple “little black dress” for EVER and I finally found it. Leith, one of my favorite brands makes it! I love it because it’s short, but not too short (so it’s perfect for work), you can layer things under it like a cute jumper (like I styled here!) and it’s super easy to dress up for almost anything. The prices is the best, too–$49 When I asked you guys where you go for work clothes and what your favorite work wardrobe staples are, several of you mentioned Leith’s work trousers, and although I haven’t tried them on myself (I plan to order them though to test out for you guys) they also get amazing reviews online! If you’re looking for new work pants, give ’em a try and let me know your thoughts! $55 One of my besties, Ally, flew in from Memphis for our friend Courtney’s 30th birthday last weekend. She was wearing these boots and as soon as she walked in, I exclaimed, “What are those boots!” because she’s one of the only other people I know with calves as small as mine, and they actually FIT! They’re Sam Edelman, and they have a drawstring in the back so no matter what size your legs are, they really stay up! I couldn’t wait to share them with you! $87  These tees are my new obsession–they’re reversible! V-neck on one side, crewneck on the other! How amazing is that? Plus, they are SO soft. I got them both in stripe and black (below!) $39 Anddd like I said, I got it in black too  $39  Speaking of work pants, I’m working on a “business casual” capsule wardrobe for next month, and these are the other pants I’m contemplating styling. They’re from Everlane and I love that they’re drapey and look so comfy, and love the olive color they come in! When they’re more relaxed, they’re easy to pair with more casual items, too–so you get more wear out of your “work” pants! $88 My absolute FAVORITE new sneakers! My mother in law got them for me for Christmas (she is the BEST!) and they are soo comfortable and I love how minimalistic and beautiful they are. (Really. What other sneakers would you describe as “beautiful”?) They’re made of wool, and you don’t even have to wear socks! $95 Another favorite recent buy that is great for work (can you guys tell I’m REALLY taking your workwear requests to heart? Haha!) I’ve already worn it several times and it looks so cute with pretty much everything I’ve paired it with! OKAY OKAY I know it’s technically $20 OVER $100…but it’s worth it. Promise! $120  My absolute favorite beret. I actually bought this a couple months back but realized I never shared it here! (I’ll be styling it in a blog post coming soon!!) I decided that 2018 is the year of the beret and I am ROCKING IT. It’s just so cute!  $29 Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Jen Olsen says  January 18, 2018 at 9:03 am I’m *so* excited to see how you style the Leith work trousers. I bought them a couple of months ago and am weirdly (for how versatile they seem) having trouble putting together outfits with them. Love these posts with such affordable versatile options! <3 
Taylor Martin says  January 18, 2018 at 1:01 pm I just bought similar pants to the Everlane & Leith pants you posted from J.Crew Factory and I love them! I think I’m going to buy the Everlane ones just to see the difference, but I would definitely check out J.Crew for another option (maybe some inspiration for your work wear series too, that’s typically where I buy my work clothes!) 
Liz says  January 18, 2018 at 8:14 pm My favorite go to work pants were from the limited and now that they are no longer around I’m on the hunt for some new styles. Will definitely check these out and excited for your business casual capsule too! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Wedge Pumps Shoes, Black Heel Booties, White Sandals, Designer Gowns On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 1, 2017   Happy long weekend! Totally late on posting my sale favorites! SORRY! It’s because I had my FIRST DRESS FITTING (!!) yesterday and got too excited to actually work on anything after that. We’re spending the weekend hanging out with friends and family and hanging out at the lake! One sale item I’ve purchased thus far is kind of a massive one–we got a new dining table! I’ve been wanting this white lacquer topped expandable table from West Elm FOR-EVER and it just went on sale starting at just $559, so we knew we had to take the plunge. Eeeek! (I convinced Neal to split it with me for my birthday present, haha!) If you’ve been searching for a deal on literally anything, there’s a good chance it’s on sale this weekend, so make sure to give the sales a browse! Nordstrom: Ton’s of new stuff just added to their sale section. SO many good summer staples that you can find for under $50 or $100! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Shopbop: Same situation, they just added tons to their sale section, so give it a browse! West Elm: Duh, dining table situation. So much good stuff on sale! Take an extra 20% existing markdowns and 20% off furniture! Ann Taylor: 50% off EVERYTHING. Woah man. Definitely give this one a browse. They have so much cute jewelry, too! (Who would’ve known?) Baublebar: Speaking of jewelry, they’re offering up to 75% off select earring styles! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Tuckernuck: Take 20% off all orders over $200!  Frame Skinny Jeans: $171 I’ve never worn Frame personally, but I have tons of friends who swear by them! I’ve NEVER seen this good of a price on them, either. Apparently they’re the softest jeans around! Striped Wrap Dress: $64 This summery striped wrap dress looks so comfy and perfect for almost any occasion this summer! (Great for work, too!) Turquoise Drop Earrings: $24.50 I’ve never thought about shopping for jewelry here, but they have so much cute stuff right now! These turquoise earrings caught my eye! MAC Buy 2 products, get a free lipstick!  Right now, Nordstrom is running a “buy 2, get 1 full size lipstick” promo on MAC products. I love these lipsticks! My go-to shade is the red-orange “Lady Danger.” Cold Shoulder Ruffle Top: $49 (Also comes in white!) Such a cute tank to wear with jean shorts! Levi’s Wedgie Shorts: $58 Speaking of jean shorts, I love my Levi’s Wedgie Shorts! These are on sale for a major steal right now. I love that they’re high-waisted with a button-fly, so you never have to worry about awkward zipper moments. Red Shoreline Converse: $35 I have had my eye on these cuties for so long. I don’t think you can find a more summery sneaker! And $35?! Beautycounter 4th of July “Protect and Refresh” Bundle: $50  Three different friends have recommended Beautycounter’s sunscreen and facial mist to me in the past week! They’re running a promo for the 4th where you can get both products plus a lip balm for $50! I’m now at that age where I have realized that sun is the devil and I’ve been looking for a great sunscreen that wouldn’t make me break out or make my skin all gross, so I was excited to see this deal!  Little White sundress: $32 Yeah, I mean. I think everyone needs this one? Mar Y Sol Tassel Bag: $83 I rarely see Mar Y Sol on sale! This striped tassel bag is about the cutest straw tote around! Parisian-Inspired Summer Sweater: $99 Can’t even handle myself right now this sweater is so cute. THE SIDE TIES!? Steve Madden Carrson Sandals: $72 I have these sandals in blue and love them so much! The neutral is on sale and is super versatile, if you’ve been looking for a new pair of great nude heels–these would be a smart buy. Blue Drop Ball Earrings: $22 More ball drop earrings. I love the Cerulean blue. (Which movie does “cerulean blue” make you think of?) Baublebar is offering up to 75% off this weekend, so make sure to check out their full sale line-up! Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Rachel Spross says  July 3, 2017 at 8:56 am So many great sales! Thanks for sharing. Have a great 4th of July! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Karen says  July 23, 2017 at 10:46 am Bought the light blue cold shoulder top from Shopbop. It’s so cute! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Bralettes, Cutout Dresses, Bralettes, Off White Pumps and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 30, 2016       It’s no secret that I love Parisian-inspired style. It’s simple, classic, feminine, and best of all–no fuss. Essentially, everything I strive for in a nutshell. Originally I thought this top paired with black pants would be too “Where’s Waldo” but throw on lace-up flats and a trench, and voila! (Literally.) It becomes French.  I wore this outfit out and about running errands in Lincoln Park with Blair before our trip to Iceland! (By the way, if you haven’t checked out my Blue Lagoon post, be sure to do so–more Iceland details coming soon.)  I spent my first three years in Chicago living in the Lincoln Park neighborhood. Every time I’m there, I always forget how much I miss the charming tree lined streets with gorgeous walk-up town homes. Never mind that my first apartment was underneath the El tracks and would shake every time the train went by (I could actually hear the automated “doors closing” from my bed), but it was charming just the same.   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

We actually shot this a few blocks from that first apartment, on Armitage street, on my favorite strip of Lincoln Park. If you’re ever in the neighborhood, a few of my LP favorites include Art Effect, Lori’s Shoes, and Margaret O’Leary for shopping. For food and drinks, you can’t miss Pasta Palazzo, Annette’s Italian Ice, Blue Door Farm Stand, Summer House, Stella Barra, and of course–Kincades (a divey Irish Bar that always has great specials).  In other news, it’s been a busy week back in the U.S. and I’m still playing catch-up! Do you ever feel like no matter what you do you can never get everything done on your list? I’ve been experiencing a lot of that lately, and will admit I’ve been a bit too hard on myself over the past few weeks. Yesterday, reading Lauren’s post on “Ahimsa” really helped bring things back to perspective–I highly recommend giving it a read, especially for anyone who needs a reminder to be gentle to themselves. It also reminded me that I need to try harder to make it to yoga more often  We all need to make time for ourselves, right? So try that for me today–despite your busy schedule, make sure to do at least one thing for yourself! (I’ll do too and let you know how it goes!)         Shop this post:      Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristina Anderson says  March 30, 2016 at 10:21 am I love this combo, the stripes are so cute! I love that area of Lincoln Park too, it’s so pretty, plus, you know, there’s a macaroon store  Kristina does the Internets 
Maggie says  March 30, 2016 at 4:08 pm That outfit looks classic yet easy. I have a similar one and I reach for it again and again!
-Maggie  http://www.thatgirlmags.com 
Nicole Green says  March 30, 2016 at 8:57 pm Jess, I absolutely love the combo of red stripes and leopard! I can’t wait to read more about your Iceland trip; the pictures I’ve seen so far are stunning! 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  March 31, 2016 at 12:55 pm so cute Jess! remember when we showed up wearing the same outfit? haha! love you! 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  April 2, 2016 at 9:07 pm Super cute! 
Lindsey Simon says  April 4, 2016 at 7:04 pm Adorable outfit! And love those lace-up flats! Lindsey of http://nomisniche.blogspot.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Printed Blouses, Designer Gowns On Sale, Black And White Dresses, Heel Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 6, 2015   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Temperatures are warming up (YAY!) But there’s one downside when it comes to warmer temperatures–what the heck do you wear to the office?  And although I work from home, where pajamas are perfectly acceptable work attire, I’ve spent a lot of time in my day in various office jobs, all with differing dress codes.  Yesterday, on The Everygirl’s Instagram, we asked–what are your biggest summer workwear woes? And today, I’m answering them!  Head on over to TheEverygirl.com to see my tips! Still have questions? Just ask it the comments section, and I’ll be sure to get right back to you!  See you there   Filed Under: Style, Styling tips  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tees, Tan Coats, Grey Sweatpants, Printed Sweaters and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 7, 2014   Not a Little White Dress, but a Little Work Dress. Every girl needs at least one of these in her closet for a big meeting, job interview, or any important occasion, really! I call it a power outfit — something in your wardrobe that you always gravitate to when you need to feel confident. This adorable coral dress from Dobbin Clothing is just that, plus it’s feminine, flattering, and I love the coral color! It makes me feel very Madmen. Dobbin has a ton of classic dresses in great fabrics, made to look fabulous on any girl, with sizes 00-16.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 This dress was a perfect match for my new Shamelessly Sparkly necklace, and go-to bracelet. She has so many amazing new items right now, you’ve got to check them out! (Remember to enter GOLDENGIRL15 at checkout for 15% off!)  Dress: Dobbin Clothing (c/o), Shoes: Gilt (similar), Bag: Phillip Lim for Target (similar), Belt: J.Crew, Necklace: Shamelessly Sparkly (c/o), Bracelet: Shamelessly Sparkly (c/o).     Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jess Zimlich says  August 7, 2014 at 1:30 pm You  are killin’ it in this dress! I always, always go for a dress (and maybe a blazer) when I’m gearing up for a big meeting or an interview. 
Maya says  August 7, 2014 at 3:48 pm YOU’RE IN FRONT OF MY BUILDING AND DIDN’T EVEN SAY "OH HAI"??????? Next time you best come visit  xx 
Emily says  August 10, 2014 at 3:33 pm Totally agree, I call it my power dress! A sparkly statement necklace doesn’t hurt either : ) <a href="http://theglamfiles.com/">Emily, The Glam Files</a> 
Jill says  August 11, 2014 at 1:39 am Unfortunately, 9 months out of the year I have to wear these kinds of outfits. My "power" piece is a pencil skirt! Really anything paired with a good pencil skirt makes you feel very work appropriate! You know I love mine in bright colors, and my red hair always makes me feel a little madmen and I kinda like it!  You look super Jackie O in this pink getup! I adore it dahhhling!! <a href=http://hotpinkstyle.blogspot.com/>HOTPINKstyle</a> Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Wide Leg Jeans, Blue Jumpsuits, Cosmetic Bags, Tan Slides and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 21, 2015   Image via: Allie Seidel  Just a little FYI, this post was originally posted on Friday, but has been updated today for you last-minute-lucy’s who still haven’t finished (or started) your Christmas shopping yet! Luckily, as long as you order by 12/23 at NOON, you should be covered for Christmas Eve arrival on all of the below gifts! Here are my favorites for everyone on your list! 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

          



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Carly says  December 18, 2015 at 12:59 pm S’WELL BOTTLES. Seriously the best gift, I love mine to death.
http://www.theclydescope.com 
Alyssa Thomas says  December 21, 2015 at 12:06 pm Love all the gold!  Alyssa | Glitter and Grey […] (And by that, I mean online Christmas shopping!) If you’re in the same boat, definitely check out this post, with 100+ gift ideas with FREE shipping that you can still get by Christmas […] […] do you have all of your Christmas shopping done? If not, my girl Jess, has rounded up some last minute gifts that can be purchased online and delivered by Christmas Eve […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sam Edelman Flats, White Pj Sets, Tunic Dresses, Embroidered and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 4, 2015   Come join Kelly and I at Vintage Charm next Thursday, February 12th from 7-9 pm! We’ll be hosting a Valentine’s night out–complete with shopping (10% off storewide!), sweets (there will be a sweets bar!), booze (yep, plenty of that) and there might even be a surprise guest!  Every time I set foot inside of this Bucktown shop I get instantly happy. It’s one of those local little shops you can’t not stop by whenever you’re in the area. (On the contrary, also one of those shops you make an extra effort to get to even if you live on the other side of town!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 First of all, it smells like absolute heaven–their selection of candles could potentially rival Diptyque. Second, they have an excellently curated clothing selection–think Anthropologie, but a little less pricey. (I know, saving money is the worst.) They’ve also got housewares, accessories, candles, cards, and more. (Side note–this isn’t actually a vintage store at all. Just to clear up any confusion. A few of you have asked me this!) Aside from their usual selection, at the moment, they have a ton of Valentine’s items: cards, decor, and some great festive clothes–like a heart print waffle tee for a cozy night in, or a flirty pink lace dress for a date night out! (Like the one below. Seriously, I need this it my closet immediately. Cough, Neal, take note.) Snag ’em all at 10% off, Thursday night only! So, are you joining us?      Let’s recap: Me, Kelly, amazing shopping, a candy bar, and booze. Sounds like a great night, right!? So…are you coming?! Let us know in the comments below! Vintage Charm Bucktown 
1735 N Damen
Chicago, IL 60647 Photos by myself and Kelly  Filed Under: Shop, Style, Uncategorized  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Heeled Booties, Dress Pumps, Short White Dresses, Gowns For Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 18, 2019   Is there ANY better feeling than snuggling into your favorite sweater and wrapping a cozy scarf around your neck when the weather gets chilly? (Okay maybe on par with getting into clean sheets after a really long day…or coming home and pulling clean flannel PJ’s out of your pajama drawer…) So, this post was originally published last year, but I’m starting to get a LOT of “how do you style your scarves?” requests, so I thought it was time for a refresh! Huzzah!  Today, we’re going over the three most classic ways to tie your scarf! These are not the weirdly twisty, intricate methods that you’ll see on Pinterest (I don’t care to master those. Who has the time?) so in this post, I’m just covering the ways I like to wear scarves in, you know, REAL LIFE.  Knowing how to wear your basics several different ways can make the biggest difference in feeling confident about your closet for not just every day, but for travel, too! (Scarves, for example, can be a great way to spice up, say, a carry-on capsule wardrobe!)  So, read on for three classic ways to wear your scarf. Plus, make sure to read through to the end where I’m rounding up my favorite classic (and affordable) scarves of the moment! There are just about as many ways to wear a scarf as there ARE scarves in the world. Sometimes it can be a bit overwhelming–but really, all you need to know are these three methods, which work with any average winter scarf–whether that’s a long, skinny scarf, or a chunky blanket scarf! (If you’re looking for ways to style a square neck scarf–that method is right over here!)   First up, the most obvious: the classic wrap. This is just about the easiest way to wear any scarf and it works with pretty much any scarf regardless of the shape! All you have to do is drape it over your neck, and wrap one end around your neck once. Re-adjust so it’s centered and both “tails” (what else do you call them? Ends?) are hanging symmetrically!  The “loop & knot” method, as I call it, is probably my go-to for the coldest days of winter! In my experience, this is the warmest way to tie your scarf, because it’s so tight and snug to your skin that doesn’t let any cold air in! (I do this and then tuck the ends into my zipped up coat and it makes the BIGGEST difference on those bone-chilling windy days when you don’t want to go outside but are forced to! (OHHH Chicago.) Step #1: To begin, fold your scarf in half, so that the folded portion is at one end and two loose ends are together at the other end. (Just see the picture above for reference!) At first I was like, “I don’t need step-by-step photos for this post” and then I wrote descriptions like this one and was like hmmm. Yes, step-by-step photos are, in fact, necessary.) Step #2: Then, thread ONE of the loose ends through the loop. You now have one “threaded” tail and one “free” tail. Step #3: (See top photo) Then, tie both “tails” together, creating a “tie the knot” look. Depending on the material of the scarf, this might be sufficient to keep it in place. Or, you may need to tie it once more to keep in in place (a double knot, if you will).  I like to readjust mine so the “tails” are centered and even as usually one side is slightly longer. But you can also keep it to the side if you prefer it that way as well!  This is one of my favorites because it makes me feel fancy, super chic, Upper East Side, Gossip Girl esque.  I especially love this look with a long, high-quality scarf — it makes an extra statement!  Anyway, I kind of feel like it’s a joke to include the “classic shoulder drape” in this post because wrapping a scarf around your neck it’s so easy, BUT, I feel like this is the one that I forget about the most, and then I see someone with a beautifully draped scarf over their shoulder and I think “OMG I want to be this girl she is so oozing chicness” and remember “I really need to be doing the whole rich lady, scarf around your neck drape more.” So, hopefully this serves as a reminder for you, too.!     Filed Under: Outfits, Style, Style 101 Tagged With: different ways to wear a scarf, How to tie a scarf 
Jessi Afshin says  October 24, 2017 at 9:14 am Such a helpful post! And so many cute scarves. Love your picks! xoxo
Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Britney Crawley says  October 24, 2017 at 9:24 am It’s finally cool enough to start pulling out scarves. I love the buffalo check ones- Gap has one very similar to the Kate Spade one you shared. I love your tutorial images! 
Rachel Spross says  October 24, 2017 at 9:43 am Bookmarking this post! Love all of your picks, too! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  October 24, 2017 at 1:39 pm I’ve actually never seen the second tie before! Can’t wait to wear a scarf like that (if it wasn’t 75 degrees right now in Philly) 
Sharon says  October 18, 2019 at 12:02 pm What are your thoughts of pinning a scarf in place? Some scarves are hard to stay in place throughout the day.
Thanks! 
Liz says  October 20, 2019 at 3:56 pm This is such a helpful post!! Loved the tutorial guides and all the perfect fall scarf options!!  https://thespectacularadventurer.com 
best hair bonding says  October 21, 2019 at 7:58 am Hey,
I noticed your Article. I just loved it.
Needs Hair Studio have unique treatments for hair loss and hair replacement. In our clinic, we understand the causes that lead to hair loss. We employ non-surgical methods to revitalize your hair. There is lot of options with us, so you just pay a visit and take your pick. Book your free session right now. Experience the best hair replacement service in Hyderabad.
If you like it feel free and share it.
Cheers,
Varshini Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop High Heeled Pumps, Gold Pumps Shoes, Cutout Dresses, Gold Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 21, 2017   Top: ASTR–only $59 and comes in black floral, too! (ASTR is one of my favorite brands I shared with you on my Mega List of Favorite Brands!)  Revolve also has a lot of cute ASTR items as well–so make sure to browse there too if you like what you see! // Jeans: Levi’s 721 High Waisted White Jeans (Run TTS but do stretch slightly. If you’re looking for non-high-waisted, I also tried on Articles of Society jeans the other day and they were INSANELY soft and only $59! // Shoes: Marc Fisher (come in so many colors!) also how cute is this lace-up version by Steve Madden and this lower pair from Splendid? // Bag: Welden (love this smaller, less-expensive version, too!) Also this pink J.Crew bag I’ve been drooling over–it’s under $100, too! // Jacket: Bernardo // Earrings: Similar here–Baublebar has so many cute ones! Hii from Blair’s house in Dallas!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Well…Blair’s parents house, that is! It’s been so fun getting to hang out with them and see where Blair grew up! That’s the funny thing about making new best friends as an adult–there are so many chapters of your life you’ve already missed–but it’s fun to play catch-up! We’re here for a blogging conference for the next few days and I am soaking up every second of the sunshine and warm weather! I’m also really excited to see my friend Ali, who happens to be a high school friend AND a blogger friend–except I haven’t seen in a DECADE–since Rocket Dogs and low-rider Hollister skirts were all the rage. (Anyone else spend their teen years in Arizona? Do you know what I’m talking about? Ha!) I’m looking forward to meeting so many other bloggers in person that I’ve been following over the years, too! Another thing I am equally excited for…can you guess? ALL THE TACOS. Neal and I get Mexican probably twice per week on average, so to say I’m looking forward to indulging in some real Tex Mex is kinddddofff an understatement  Anyway, last week I shared my “Friday Favorites” on Instagram stories. Since I’m in Dallas this weekend and it’s not really an average Friday, and I don’t have access to all my favorite things at home to show you on Instagram stories, I thought I’d talk about them here! Here we go:  This spicy Mango Habañero Kombucha that I’ve been getting at Whole Foods is SO. GOOD. You’ve got to try it. I just finished the book Julie & Julia and loved it just as much as the movie. (I actually had no idea it was even based on a book!) If you’re into cooking, it’s a fun read. Sometimes you just want the mindless, easy reads, you know? With the weather finally heating up, I’ve taken full advantage of riding my beach cruiser. Neal bought it for me for Christmas last year at Dick’s Sporting Goods. (He told me not to worry, he didn’t spend much money on it because he figured I’d crash it or get it stolen :-P) Moral of the story, if you’re looking for a cute, inexpensive bike this summer–check out their selection! The 606, which is an above-ground park/trail that runs from Bucktown to Humboldt Park. It’s basically Chicago’s version of NYC’s High Line, and it’s so pretty! Shaheen and I went on an evening walk earlier this week and it was so nice! If you’re visiting Chicago and planning to stop over to any western neighborhoods, definitely scope it out!




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Iced Peach Matcha from David’s Tea. We have one of these up the street from our house and it is DANGEROUSLY good. My favorite is hands down the Peach matcha though. I could reaaallyyy go for one right now.       Filed Under: Outfits  
Monica {Cake & Lilies} says  April 21, 2017 at 7:27 am Have so much fun at the conference and in Dallas!! I’m sure Blair has this on the agenda but don’t forget to go to MiCo and have a Mambo Taxi  
Rachel Spross says  April 21, 2017 at 8:22 am I love that flirty floral top! So cute! Have fun  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Gentry says  April 21, 2017 at 11:13 am Have the best time at the conference this weekend! I’ve been loving following everyones snaps/stories! My goal is to be invited next year  
Amber Tiller says  April 21, 2017 at 11:52 am Have a total blast!!!!  I saw from Insta Stories that my other favorite blogger, Living with Landyn form Nashville is there for her first conference!  Do you follow her?  She is a doll!
Dreaming of someday attending one of these cool conferences in the future! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Shoe Wedges On Sale, Black Swimsuit, Modest Dresses, White Pj Sets and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 29, 2019  HII from sunny Arizona!  (Yes, I’m back here again for another conference–yes, I was just here, you aren’t crazy! ?) This time it’s MUCH warmer, so I’m very excited for some pool weather! Making it the perfect timing for a swimsuit try on post!  Nordstrom reached out to me a few weeks back and asked if I’d like to partner together to test drive a few new suits and cover ups from their swim section (which is quite extensive, by the way)–obviously, being one of my favorite places to shop, I said, “duh.” ? I ordered a BUNCH of options, and these are the ones that topped my list. One of the best parts about shopping for swimwear at Nordstrom–their return policy cannot be beat! Finding the right size is so tricky that you can order multiple sizes and not have to worry about missing a 2 week return window. (Which happens to me EVERY. TIME. I order from somewhere else. ?) I also love that they have something to suit everyone’s swimsuit preferences (because as we know, swimsuits are a VERY personal thing!)   I know quite a few of you are gearing up for spring vacations, and, some of you–in places that are not the Midwest, are even pulling out the suits and sun dresses at home–so I think you’ll love so many of these pieces. I tried to hit a little something for everyone from sizing to styles to price points.  Let’s go!   I WISH I’d had this for my bachelorette party and my honeymoon! But that doesn’t mean it’s not perfect for everyday too! This is probably my favorite of the bunch and I absolutely LOVE the brand who makes it– Becca! I have owned several Becca swimsuits over the years (dating back since I think like, high school?) and they are really great suits. They also have a plus line called Becca ETC which is adorable! A lot of times lace suits to me are very scratchy, but this one is very comfortable! I often find that one pieces can run short on me, but that’s not the case with this one! The straps are also adjustable, which is key!  The top ($38) and bottom ($36) are sold separately which is nice because as we all know, sizing between tops and bottoms can be tricky! I ordered a size 6 in this because Topshop runs very small–I would typically wear a size S in bathing suits, FYI–often times medium on bottoms. (Swim sizing can be really tricky for me.) I’m glad I went with the 6! It’s SUCH a fun little suit–the crinkle material is really soft too, so it’s not scratchy! If you like two pieces but need more coverage on top than a normal bikini, I think you’ll love this. One note–this is not lined, but you can totally pop cups into it for extra coverage in that area. (I just whip the cups out of another suit and stick ’em in there).   (Also a separate top and bottom.) OKAY I LOVE this suit–but it was so big on me that I literally could not take a photo in it ?I didn’t want to not include it because it’s SO CUTE.  However, I will be exchanging it for an XS. I ordered a medium because the past few suits I’ve ordered recently run so small on me, I decided to size up (I usually for for a size small)–I would definitely recommend sizing DOWN a size, not up! It’s the same look as the designer version, but so budget-friendly! The bottoms are also cut a bit higher (not so low) which I also liked! I also love that the top has removable cups/lining!   Also come in black! PSA: EVERYONE needs to buy these shorts! They aren’t just good for cover-up purposes, I wish I’d had these in Italy! They’re perfect to wear with a tank as well–even with sneakers to keep you cool when traveling in hot temps. I love love these–they’re so comfortable and stylish! The best part: they aren’t too short! ?? (P.S. My hair looks great here, I know. Not sure what was going on. No, I haven’t brushed it since Montana ?)   UGH I am so sad this one almost sold out in between when I ordered it and now. It’s still available in a size large though! I think it runs true to size–I ordered a small (I’m usually an XS) but I wanted it to be a little extra roomy and breezy and it fit me very accurately. I also LOVE the brand Red Carter–they have so many cute breezy dresses, cover ups, and swimsuits!   I love love this brand Elan V for cover ups–(they come in plus too!) I hadn’t heard of the brand before (Thanks Nordstrom once again for introducing me to a new brand to obsess over!) I think this maxi is the ultimate warm weather vacation staple! It’s only $58 and is SO ROOMY and breezy, but the low v in the front and back make it super chic. It’s perfect to throw on to go to the pool but you can easily dress it up for dinner with a pair of earrings and great flats or heels. It’s the ideal “I drank too many margs and ate nachos by the pool so I want something very large but very chic to wear to dinner” outfit. ?And IT HAS POCKETTSSS.  Sizing: Runs TTS if not slightly big. I went with XS. (But like, it’s supposed to fit like this, ya know?)     
Which is your favorite?! I hope this helps those of you who are packing for upcoming Spring Break trips!  Big thanks to one of my very favorite retailers, Nordstrom, and ShopStyle for partnering with me on this post! All opinions are 110% my own, as always!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Rochelle says  March 29, 2019 at 9:49 am Love this! How do you keep the cups in swimsuits from not getting all wonky (e.g. indentations, weird dents, etc.)? Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Orange Dresses, Grey Long Sleeve Tees, Knit Turtlenecks, Black Formal Gowns and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 27, 2018   Hii guys!  I hope you are enjoying some time off and having a great Christmas break! Neal and I are in Oregon spending time with my family, so I’m not online as much as usual, but I did want to pop on and share a few great post-Christmas sales, in case you have some holiday cash to burn and want to get the most bang for your buck ? I absolutely love this mini skirt–you can see me wearing it in this post – right now it’s only $28 and you can’t beat the price! You can wear it with OTK boots (see below!) or with tights and booties. The best part about it is that it’s short but not TOO short.  I love the button-front look, and this super comfy tee is a cozy addition to your wardrobe–it’s casual but still polished at the same time. It’ll look cute with jeans, leggings, even a skirt! (Especially the corduroy one!)  A striped long sleeve tee is a great staple in any wardrobe. Great for layering–I think stripes add a much more interesting element to any outfit.  This applies to ALL Lolë coats–I highly recommend the Marybeth (comparable in warmth to Canada Goose and like 1/3rd of the price!), Katie (Comparable to a North Face puffer) the Hudson and the Emeline–which are both packable and fold up into a little ball! All run TTS. See my full Lolë coat guide here–these are the best coats and they are SO WARM. Definitely the warmest you’ll find for the price!   I wear this year-round and it’s my go-to for weddings, cocktail parties, etc–any formal occasion! Certain colors are marked down!  I own several lace camisoles in lot’s of colors and they are the best layering staples. A great blouse to dress up or down–wear it for a date, or wear it for work! It’s pretty, polished and feminine! It also comes in a really pretty dark green!  My most recommended pair of loafers–I have them in leopard but they come in other combinations as well. They are so comfortable and require zero break-in! They make any outfit a lot cuter!  I always get asked for ankle boot recommendations, and I always point people toward Blondo booties and boots because they come 100% waterproofed. You don’t have to worry about ruining them in the rain or slush! They’re super durable–I’ve had my Blondos for years!  You really cannot beat these jeans for the price. If you’re looking for a pair of classic dark skinny jeans on a budget, these are them! Pretty much everything on Abercrombie’s site is marked down right now!  I don’t own these personally, but I have friends who absolutely love them–and you really can’t beat the price! Come in tan as well!  I couldn’t not include these ?My #1 most talked about boots, and now they’re marked down!  I don’t own Halogen cashmere personally, but I’ve heard a lot of good things about their cashmere sweaters from you guys, and I rarely see them at such a low price!  Also worth noting… (sorry, I just found this after I did the collage ?) Everlane is having a huge “Choose What You Pay” sale! You get to choose your own price on lot’s of their best sellers! Definitely make sure you check that out too!   Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style  
Dress Well Be Well says  December 31, 2018 at 11:54 pm Great! Its helps to get good announcement of Christmas and new year sale. 
Lauren says  August 22, 2019 at 10:20 pm Hi Jess. What is your advice on the sizing of the Astr Lace Dress? The Nordstrom website says to go up 2 sizes but the measurements don’t seem that small. I’m ordering from Australia so returns are a bit of a pain so really hoping to get the size right, first time. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pumps Heels Shoes, Light Blue Jeans, Turtlenecks On Sale, Blue Cocktail Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 8, 2019   It’s officially FALL and you know what that means…SWEATER WEATHER!  It’s that perfect (and fleeting–always–in Chicago) time of year where it’s brisk enough to pull out a sweater and not too cold that you have to hide it under a million layers. (Have you seen the sweater weathaaa! SNL skit? )  So grab your turtlenecks, mock necks, v-necks, crewnecks, cable knits and more–because I’m rounding up 15 different ways to accessorize and style your sweaters this fall–with scarves, OTK boots, blazers, double layering, and more! First off–what are some go-to ways to accessorize a sweater? It’s so easy to fall into the old “sweater and jeans” rut, so here are some good thought starters. Of course–there are the obvious ones–a scarf, hat, earrings, etc–those all make sense, but some of my best sweater “accessories” are actually not accessories but more “tried and true pairings”–like your favorite Italian red you buy whenever you cook spaghetti! So, this post will help you to look at things in a new light and help you find “accessories” in your closet you never considered before!  No surprise there, right? We’ll get more into scarves in a second, but I rarely leave the house in the fall or winter without some kind of scarf. It really goes a long way in pulling your look together–so if you find that your outfits are often lacking that “something special”–I recommend investing in a few scarves! More scarf inspiration below!  It might sound weird to consider “layers” as an accessory–but they are! Layering two sweaters together, for example, or your favorite button-down underneath a crewneck sweater. Maybe it’s layering a slinky lace camisole underneath a chunky cardigan. These “layers” are basically just another way to accessorize, completely transforming your look while keeping you cozy at the same time!  A great red lipstick is arguably the BEST accessory you can buy. Red lipstick makes even a wrinkled white tee and bedhead look intentional and “perfectly undone.” Some of my favorites are Girls Night and “BC Red” by Beautycounter, and Givenchy’s Carmen Escarpin.   Cashmere Sweater: Old (but adore this similar Everlane Cashmere Turtleneck Sweater that comes in 9 colors! Run TTS, Skirt: BlankNYC (TTS), Scarf: Lord + Taylor (50% off right now!) OTK Boots: Blondo (limited quantities at Lord + Taylor, but I found them fully stocked here!) Also, Nordstrom carries their newest OTK style (which seems identical to last year’s?) They run TTS!  Perfect for early fall days and also for going out at night, I love pairing sweaters with mini skirts and OTK boots! It’s a great way to stay cozy And between all three pieces, the texture combinations are endless! Add a light scarf for a pop of pattern– or not, it looks great either way!   Sweater: Evereve (On sale for less than $30!) I also love this Madewell Pom Pom Cardigan Sweater, Coated Denim Skirt: BlankNYC (also available at Nordstrom — and on sale for 30% off! Runs TTS), OTK Boots: Stuart Weitzman Lowland Boot (This Blondo pair is a great budget-friendly alternative!) both TTS. Vest: Barbour, Sweater: Topshop, Denim: Everlane (Run TTS–I wear 25), Chelsea Boot: Old (Love this similar pair from Everlane!), Sunglasses: Ray-Ban Just like miniskirts, vests are great layering pieces to take advantage of before the winter cold rolls in! This is such a classic look that’s perfect for fall activities like apple orchards, pumpkin patches and football games.   Blazer: Old, very similar here and more formfitting version here  Sweater: Old from Everlane, but their Cashmere Crew (comes in 18 colors!) and Cashmere Shrunken Mockneck are very similar, Pants: Old from Halogen, this Spanxx version and Lyssé pair (ON SALE!) are similar, Pumps: Sam Edelman, Scarf: Old, similar here! The easiest way to style a light sweater for the office? Add a blazer! I love this look for meetings and presentations when there’s a cold snap in the air — it’s beyond comfortable and such a power look! Add a silk scarf for more personality and reach for any shoe — pump, loafer or boot! This look works best with a thinner sweater (otherwise it’s too much bulky material!)  Cashmere Sweater: Everlane, Wide-Leg Crops: Everlane, Neck Scarf: Old, similar here and here No matter the season, I am ALWAYS a fan of a silk scarf. They’re such a fun way to incorporate style or color into any outfit and just make any look more elevated and polished. This is also a great way to dress up sweaters for the office. See how I style my french-style scarves here!  Sweater: Topshop (Runs TTS, wearing small), Skirt: Halogen (Exact color sold out, but they have 12 other colors/prints!), Booties: Steve Madden, Bag: Treasure + Bond (sold out, but similar here!), Earrings: Old, but similar here  I posted this look last month and fully intend on repeating it throughout the fall season. The chunky knit and midi skirt combo is gold! This look transitions so well from day-to-night. I would wear this to a girls brunch or shower during the day and feel just as comfortable wearing it for a night on the town. Pro tip: pair this look with a heel of some sort — bootie or pump. It pulls the look together and avoids any “frumpy” proportions.  Sweater: Old, (the Everlane Cropped Cardigan is very similar), Leggings: Spanx, Tank: Old, similar here with lots of colors!, Bag: Madewell Transport Zipper Tote  Texture is a huge component in putting together an interesting outfit–and I love how this look plays with unexpected textures — knit, lace and leather! The lace cami adds the perfect amount of spice — I love this for cozy date nights, in or outside of the house!   Sweater: Old, (how good are these Madewell Stripe Sweater colors?! and this Halogen crewneck comes in two stripe colorways! Jeans: Rag + Bone (also love the black version!) Cap Toe Heels: Sam Edelman, (limited sizing at Shopbop, but found them fully stocked at Amazon! — they run big, go down 1/2 size! Trench: London Fog (they make the BEST trench coats — Runs a little big!)  While it’s tempting to reach for all of the boots and booties you’ve been patiently waiting to wear, don’t discount pairing sweaters with pumps. I love how sweet and feminine they make a look! Perfect for the office, brunch and dinner with the girls!  Cashmere Sweater: old but very similar from Everlane, Pants: Old from Halogen, this Spanxx version and Lyssé pair (ON SALE!) are similar! Button down: Everlane, Shoes: Old from Everlane–sold out (Madewell makes similar in black and dark brown!)  I really love the layered look of a button-down underneath a classic crewneck sweater. I know I’m ALWAYS a pro front-tuck girl, but in this case, I actually really like it tucked out because it adds a lot more interest and makes it more fashion-forward!   Sweater: Old (I love this similar one from Topshop and this Everlane cable knit), Leggings: Commando, Boots: Old, Franco Sarto (The Sam Edelman Petty Chelsea boots are very similar though and so comfortable!) I wasn’t kidding about my obsession with textures! These faux leather leggings and ankle booties instantly elevate a classic sweater look. This is my fall/winter go-to date night formula — it looks put together and it’s beyond comfortable and cozy!  It’s obviously no secret that I am a BIG fan of a good beret–and I think it’s JUST the thing to spice up a classic sweater outfit! The one I’m wearing here is old but Nordstrom makes a really cute one in tons of colors! The one I wear most is by far my camel beret–it’s almost beret season and I CANNOT. WAIT. Not sure how to wear it? Head over to my how to wear a beret post!   Sweater: old but very cute similar colorful striped sweaters here, Jeans: Rag + Bone Jacket:BlankNYC (old so this exact color isn’t available but there are so many cute other colors this year!) Sneakers: Tretorn (run TTS)  One of my most worn accessories all year round? A moto jacket! Whether it’s classic leather or a fun colored suede, try accessorizing your favorite sweater with a moto jacket for a totally new twist!   Coat: Barbour Quilted Beadnell c/o Tuckernuck (More sizes available at Nordstrom!), Sweater: Old, similar style from Topshop and I love this Everlane Cashmere Oversized V-Neck that comes in 3 colors!, Denim: Levi’s 711 skinny jeans (they’re on sale for $39!), Shoes: Jack Purcell, Bag: Madewell Transport Tote  I love this easy fall look! For coffee runs, errands, fall activities and travel days, for instance, it can’t be beat! A light jacket and sneakers combo keep it from looking too wintry. In addition, these quality, comfortable basics make you look put together throughout the day!   Pants: Everlane (Also love these Madewell Emmett crop pants, which come in so many colors!), Ruffle neck sweater: Old, similar look here, Everlane’s Oversized Alpaca Crew comes in cool pink, and I love the slouchy fit of this Free People sweater, Booties: Old, but similar here & I love the Everlane Heel Boot! Coat: Old, BB Dakota has a similar bomber version and Bardot has a similar stye in soft pink!  While it’s so fun to mix and match colors and patterns for fall, there’s something unexpected about going full on monochromatic with your layers. I love how unexpected this light hue is while still being seasonally appropriate!  Sweater: Old, (similar waffle-knit- comes in 9 colors and this one comes in 7 colors!), Denim: Old Levi’s (similar styles here and here), Scarf: old, (similar here and I love this Barbour version!), Flats: Repetto, bought in Paris, (similar matte version and Todds has a red patent loafer) Before winter rolls in and socks are a permanent fixture for the foreseeable future, take advantage of pairing sweaters with fun flats and loafers! I love adding a festive pop of color with scarves and shoes this time of year.  Cardigan: Everlane, Cashmere Sweater: Everlane, Pants: Everlane, Loafer: Everlane Sometimes two sweaters is better than one! How cute is this look for the office? Especially ones that run extra cold this time of year. The key here is layering similar, yet complementary hues — bonus points for a monochromatic look! See more ways I styled this cardigan sweater in my Everlane Fall Capsule Wardrobe post.  Filed Under: Outfits, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Coats, Black Off Shoulder Dresses, Platform Pumps Shoes, Gold And Silver Jewelry and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog September 16, 2012   My images: Friday’s look- burnt orange and denim & fresh peaches at today’s farmer’s market. Other images via Pinterest  I can really hardly contain my excitement. I think I like fall more than Christmas, and I know it’s fall now because on Friday I indulged in my first Pumpkin Spice Latte of 2012- which really was the highlight of my week. Is it sad that a seasonal beverage has become the official marker of summer’s end? Kindof. But I’m not complaining.  Anyway, said latte has in turn has given me new wardrobe inspiration. One thing I cannot get enough of is burnt orange (a la- pumpkin spice). So far I’ve paired it with a denim button down and some neutral colored accessories (bulldog print is definitely neutral- right?)  Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Leggings, Blouses On Sale, Black Graphic Tees, Cutout Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 5, 2015   Dress: Sophia Reyes (c/o) // Espadrilles: JustFab.com ‘Rhondia’ (c/o) // Necklaces: Dogeared and Helen Ficalora // Earrings: Sterling Forever (c/o) // Bag: Nordstrom Rack Milly Kent Leather Bag (on sale!) (c/o) (True story, I accidentally just wrote ‘crack’ instead of ‘rack’, which is really more accurate. That place is more hazardous to a wallet than Target.)  You guys. This weekend it was like, 80 degrees. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 That might not be a big deal for some of you, but for us, it was worthy of a parade, you know, seeing as in Chicago we aren’t really past the whole scary weather thing until at least mid June. The weather called for a sweet little spring dress and the cutest espadrilles I own.  (Although, full disclosure, these photos unfortunately were shot before this weekend’s warm front, when it was still freezing outside. I don’t remember what it feels like to take blog photos without the risk of hypothermia, but some day soon I’m sure, I’ll know…I hope.) Anyway, you guys remember this little bird dress from the Sophia Reyes Spring collection, right? If you missed that, check out this post! I had so much fun shooting her look book a few months back! She’s one of my favorite Chicago designers with the most beautiful, feminine pieces! Not to mention, she’s just one of the sweetest gals around! Also, these shoes. THE SHOES. My god how cute are they? I wore them for the Derby over the weekend and y’all went nuts on Instagram wanting to know where they were from. Well, I’m excited to tell you, they’re just $39.96 from JustFab.com, which is now one of my favorite new destinations to buy shoes. P.S. they’re having a summer sale right now where you can get two for the price of one! Happy Tuesday!        Photos by Kelly Larkin and Blair Stakey  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Pumps Heels Shoes, White Jeans, Platform Black Heels, Cutout Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 6, 2018   Hi guys!  Hello from NYC!  Like I mentioned yesterday, I’m here for a work project and I can’t wait to share more details on soon! We’re doing a video/photo shoot and I had my wardrobe fitting yesterday and today we’re busy shooting all day! I am EXHAUSTED from all this crazy travel and lack of sleep but in the best way possible–this is such a cool project and I can’t wait to share what I’ve been up to ? (But seriously my eyes are crossing writing this and I can’t even imagine how many typos you’re about to endure so sincere apologies in advance. The good news is that I got two free drink vouchers at my hotel when I checked in, so at least there’s free wine to keep me going, am I right!? ?)  Anyway, today I had to share my latest french-girl-style brand obsession–Sezane! I’ve been meaning to do a post on them for awhile now but hadn’t gotten around to it, and they JUST launched their new pretty Spring items and you’re going to fall in love!  Sezane, as I mentioned, is a French brand that is still fairly new to the U.S. I think I first discovered them on (duh) Cup of Jo, my favorite blog. I’ve never actually ordered anything from them though because I seriously cannot narrow down what I actually WANT because all of their items are so beautiful–think classically cut, feminine silhouettes in beautiful fabrics–each prettier than the next, making it easy to achieve that “perfectly undone” French-girl vibe. Can you help me choose!?  I’ll stop gushing and cut to the chase. Read on for some of my favorite items! Then leave your favorites in the comments below to help me decide what to order!   A new twist on a classic jean jacket.  I’ve never seen a jacket quite like this one! I’ve been on the hunt for a classic version that wasn’t too boxy and not too distressed. (So many of them are super edgy, you know?!) I absolutely LOVE how different this one is. The silhouette is insanely flattering and the fabric is a denim-canvas, making it the perfect weight for Spring. The price isn’t half-bad either! $145   This technically isn’t part of their spring collection but I’ve been eyeing it for months. I love how dainty this top is with the intricate lace detailing and side bow. The combo of sleeves with the extra dip in the neckline makes it sexy yet age appropriate without trying too hard. $120 I’ve been looking for a small (but large enough to fit the essentials) wear day-and-night bag, and I think this is it! I love the crocodile leather and that it comes with two straps–one full leather and one jewelry-chain! $340 Sezane make so many beautiful blouses–I’m highlighting several floral favorites in here, but I love the dainty print of this one! The coolest part about it is that it’s their featured “Demain” shirt–each month they come out with a new shirt where the profits go directly to their charity initiative in aid of children’s education. $148 Another top that toes the line between understated and sexy! What could be better? It’s a perfect date-night top! $129  And the colors and print on this floral number! Swooon! $120 I love that this top is almost pajama-chic with the piping detail on the collar and the sleeves. Plus, the color is amazing–I’ve been loving greens lately! $120 There are so many details to love about this top–the color, the polka dot pattern, the wrap detail–the side bow! I’ll take it all please! $120 Same green color and pattern as the pretty top above, but in a beautiful tired dress! I love that it’s a little bit different but still very classic. $190 And another stunner! Between the v-neck, the wrap front, and the shorter hemline, this dress is universally flattering on so many different shapes and sizes! $180 You know my love of silk cami tops, and this one is no different. Love the pretty ecru color for spring and the dainty lace details! $90  They make this BEAUTIFUL trousers that I think would be soo pretty for the office but also more casual occasions on the weekends as well! These come in a blushy-nude as well as black! $115 I’m usually kindof iffy about jumpsuits. I never really think they’re that “me”–but this one is actually perfect. $250 I mean…do I need to say an more? I think I have a red shoe problem–but I can’t help it. They just make every outfit look SO cute, and these chunky midi heels are comfy, too! $205 These heels have bows on the toes! (And they come in colors other than red too ? ) I love the thickness of the heel as well! They’ll make even a t-shirt and jeans look like a million bucks. $205 Speaking of making a statement, these sandals couldn’t be any more chic. I love the wrap-around detail with the tassels! $205 This bucket bag comes in lot’s of colors, but this rusty orangey-red is my favorite because it makes a great statement but is also a perfect color for all seasons.$280 I love a good leather cross-body, especially the minimalist lines of this one, and it seems like the perfect size! $260 Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Meaghan says  March 6, 2018 at 9:25 am The Sezane items are beautiful! I love that they have a little lifestyle section too with cushion covers and pitchers and such.
I vote either one of the classic bags or the red wrap top. Timeless classics! 
Abby says  March 6, 2018 at 9:38 am Sezane is the best!!!!!!!!!!! I remember falling in love with this navy suede bucket back with a black python stripe down the front like 5 years ago and I lived in an expensive apt in NYC at the time and did not pull the trigger! Lesson learned! I still dream about that bag! Sezane, if you’re reading this and have it stocked away, I’ll still buy it! When I was in Paris in January I went to the store and it was divine! The ladies who worked at the store are straight up French goddesses… it was incredible. Go just to see how they put the outfit together. The day I was there they all had on the same shirt and styled it different ways!!! GENIUS! I bought two sweaters that you can wear backwards, frontwards and open so it’s like 6 pieces of clothing out of two! SO CHIC! Can’t recommend enough! The quality can’t be beat! THEY OPENED A STORE IN NYC- GO GO GO! 
Monica says  March 6, 2018 at 11:54 am I love Sezane too! Everything in their collection is amazing and I’m hoping to update my spring wardrobe with everything! – Monica | http://www.onandoffduty.com 
Maisha Stephens says  March 7, 2018 at 3:12 am Amazing collection…. 
AMANDA B MAHONY says  March 7, 2018 at 8:37 am Ok, Jess, you NEEEEEED those block blush heels, and that jumpsuit! They are so your style. Love everything you post. Thanks for sharing your world. 
Elle says  March 7, 2018 at 9:16 am Beautiful pieces. I wish I had the money! https://macaroonsonmain.blogspot.com/ 
Katy V says  April 10, 2018 at 9:19 am Nice Sezane collection. And yes Elle I wish I have the money too! lol! 
Tanja from @julyitinerary says  January 6, 2019 at 8:09 pm All of these pieces are so beautiful! I just discovered Sezane and like you, I love EVERYTHING from their collection. I ended up choosing the white denim jacket and the Gastard jumper. They are both divine. I hope that helps! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Modest Dresses, Short Sleeve Dresses, Red Blouses, Tan Wedges Heels and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 12, 2017   Off the shoulder sweater: Nordstrom (comes in two more colors, too! This one is nearly identical but comes in different colors! How great would it be in black? This one is a cute cableneck version! So good for going out!) Velvet leggings: Spanx (they are my FAVORITE pants at the moment), Leopard bow pumps: Ann Taylor (run big, go a half size down!) These are also super similar with thinner heels! Hair: curled with a beachwaver curling iron (you can buy the base separately with the 1″ attachment!) If you guys frequently hang out with me over on Instagram stories, you remember me sharing a sneak peak of the holiday greeting cards I recently ordered from Etsy, made by my friend Katie! They have been an absolute hit with you all so far (for good reason) so I’m excited to share all of my favorites today! Here are a couple reasons why I think you’ll love today’s post:  First, there is nothing worse than having to give a loved one a crappy holiday card from the drugstore. Second, I know you love to support small shops (especially ones on Etsy!) run by really nice, good people. Third, you share my sense of humor. Fourth, you like pretty things (and these cards are really pretty. So is the sweater I’m wearing ?) And if all else fails, I know you’ll really like my outfit ? KIDDING.  So, first thing’s first, let’s talk about how I know Katie! We actually went to high school together and were both in dance (Katie was way better than me. She was basically a professional and I was the dork in the back who couldn’t ever master her fouette turns). We went on a Europe trip together through my high-school post-graduation and saw London, Paris, Brugge, Amsterdam and Berlin. (Some crazy teachers volunteered to take 30 just-graduated high school seniors to Europe for two weeks. Insanity. Bless them.) But as we went to college, we lost touch for several years, as tends to happen, but recently got back in touch over the past year or so (two years? Time flies!) and I found out she had grown up to be an insanely talented calligrapher and designer! She ended up designing my blog logo, and helping me with several projects throughout my wedding and beyond. (She designed Kelly’s blog logo, too!) She’s one of the most kind-hearted people I know! We finally reunited in person when Neal and I were in Boston this past summer. It was SO amazing to see her and it felt like no time had ever passed! Anyway, she started to design greeting cards and cute little prints with the cheekiest, funny sayings in the most beautiful watercolor calligraphy, and opened up an Etsy shop! I am a HUGE Etsy fan–I do a lot of my shopping there each Christmas, and it’s my favorite place to shop for greeting cards especially, so when Etsy reached out to partner with me during the holidays to get word out about everything Etsy makers have to offer…obviously I was like DUH. 1. Katie! 2. Holiday cards! (No brainer!) Her cards are not only beautiful, but they have a ton of personality. They’re perfect for your BFF, mom, mother-in-law, favorite aunt, funny uncle, or just about anyone! Scroll below to see my favorites made by Katie, and some of my other favorite cards made by other Etsy makers. (They are so good you guys, so good.)      See? How cute are they!? Any of these cards will make the cutest little touch to a hostess gift for any holiday party (which, by the way, if you’re looking for hostess gift ideas, look no further than THIS post!) AND, speaking of holiday parties, I love this dressy-casual holiday party look that is a nice mix-up from the usual red and green plaid and sparkle ensemble (you know, in case that’s not your style!) I ordered this off the shoulder sweater recently because I loved wearing my Gibson sweater off the shoulder so much. It comes in other colors, but I was drawn to this really pretty burnt orangey-brown hue–it’s a great winter color that isn’t burgundy or dark green, so it’s a nice addition to any wardrobe! There are a lot of similar ones in lot’s of colors, too, so I’m rounding up my favorites here:   I think it was a perfect match for my favorite velvet leggings (are you guys getting sick of these yet? ?) which are so comfortable and be dressed up or down so easily. Finally, the best of all–these leopard bow heels! They even have a gold heel! The heel is the most perfect height because it’s not too high–I love the midi heels! (I also recently got the dark red velvet Everlane day heels, which I am swooning over, too, if you are looking for more midi heels!) Sizing tip: They run big, so make sure to go at least a half-size down!    I’m linking some other Etsy favorites below, too! I included a mix of pretty ones and funny ones, but the funny ones are SO. GOOD. Make sure to scroll through them all–I already bought several of these! ? Make sure to pop on over to Etsy for all your holiday shopping–it’s so well organized–their entire site right now is set up so you can navigate by gift guide, so it makes it so easy to find the best, one of a kind gifts for your friends and fam! (Stay tuned for my full Etsy gift guide coming soon, too!) Huge thanks to Etsy, one of my favorite websites, for partnering with me this holiday season! SaveSave Filed Under: Holiday, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Tan Wedges Heels, Silver Sandals, Gold Lariat Necklaces, Gold Pumps Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 18, 2014   



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 If you’ve noticed I have been less active than normal lately, it’s because I’ve been wearing a lot of hats! In addition to GG and my 9-5, I’ve been a busy bee with some amazing things on The Everygirl and Wedding Party! I thought I’d share them here, just in case you aren’t ready to put down that morning coffee and get to work just yet!  Latest on The Everygirl, I worked with my new friend Jessica of The Steel Maiden on 4 Ways to Wear a Summer Scarf.  Not only are these looks adorable, but they’re super useful, too! Be sure to check out all the cute scarves we used from Sole Society.  On an equally helpful front, my second feature went up last week on Wedding Party! If you’re in any weddings this season (or even attending them!), you’ll love this feature, styled by Martiza Buelvas and photographed by Cassandra Eldridge. We show you how to style two amazing DIY hairstyles for bridesmaids! They’re so good, nobody will believe you did them yourself! I can absolutely vouch from experience, I did the Parisian Twist for a wedding two weeks ago! Hope you enjoy these! I’d love to know your thoughts. Is there anything you’d like to see more of on The Everygirl or Wedding Party?  Filed Under: Style  
Megan says  June 20, 2014 at 2:40 am I absolutely LOVE your blog! You have a new subbie, Jess  Keep up the fabulous work and check my blog out as well at http://www.thepanwarpalace.com! Take care! -Megan Panwar 
jess keys says  June 24, 2014 at 12:34 pm Aw thanks, Megan! I will definitely check out The Panwar Place! 
maritza says  June 30, 2014 at 5:42 am So I’m fashionably late to the party writing this comment  Thank you for the lovely post mention, Jess (on my bday, no less)! It was a pleasure working with you – hope to do so again – and you rocked The Parisian Twist like a pro! Congrats on the new site. Looks goldenly fab! xo Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Knit Dresses, Orange Dresses, Printed Jumpsuits, Turtlenecks On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog April 17, 2012     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   Michal & I can’t, clearly.  Happy monday! Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black And Gold Jewelry, Blue Backpacks, High Heeled Pumps, Short Sleeve Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 16, 2017   Dress: Topshop at Nordstrom–I love this dusty pink midi version here, and this pink one with stripes and lace details, only $29! Andddd this pink floral version! And how pretty would this floral midi slipdress be for bridesmaids? // Leopard Clutch: Nordstrom (only $44! Ummm hello twin of the $245 version?!) If you’re looking for a more basic staple clutch, I love this foldover version that’s only $25! This woven convertible clutch is also perfect for summer! // Shoes: Steve Madden–only $79 and come in so many colors! I also love this similar beige lace-up version! // Satin hair bow: Similar here (also comes in pink!) // Initial necklace: Identical here in gold, rose gold, and silver! // Bracelet: c/o Monica Vinader  Happy Friday you guys! How has your week been? For me, it’s been relatively uneventful! Here are some wins from the week:  1. I found the best new healthy recipe for greek chicken meatballs with dill yogurt sauce. These were SO delicious. I ate them with zucchini (I don’t have a zoodler but sliced sautéed zucchini was just as good! I love it with fresh dill, olive oil, salt, pepper, and chopped up tomatoes!) 2. I got to see Shaheen and baby Zain! (Did you see Shaheen’s blog post with his baby pictures?! So cute!) Kelly and I went over to Shaheen’s earlier this week to hang out and it was so fun. Except she kept saying “sorry I’m so boring guys!” (Like, did she think we were expecting a tea party!? Silly girl! She’s already the best mom!!) 3. We settled on our wedding invitations! I will be posting more about those soon  We got them from Minted and they are so perfect and so us. Minted has literally everything you could want for your wedding and I love that you can also customize menus, programs, and pretty much anything to match your invitations. So genius! 4. I discovered something called the seven minute workout? Have you heard of this? Apparently I’ve been living under a rock because this phenomenon has existed for quite awhile but it has been a total lifesaver this week when I’ve been super busy and unable to make it to yoga (or too lazy to do a full circuit workout in my living room!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Essentially, it’s a series of high intensity intervals–where you’re on (and go as hard as you can) for 30 seconds, and then you rest for 10 seconds before moving onto the next. Each exercise targets a different area of your body. It’s not a FUN 7 minutes, but after that, you’re DONE! I downloaded an app called “Wahoo 7 minutes” which lets you choose from a few different 7 minute workouts and it even times each one of them! It’s so amazing! 5. I cleaned my whole house AND put away all the laundry. If you know me, this is a very big feat for this walking tornado. I am very accomplished. I am also reminded every day by watching my mom friends that I am so up a creek when we have children because I can’t even manage to keep my house clean when I am home alone by myself! Poor Neal. 6. I found my new favorite outfit!!! Which brings us to today’s ensemble. This slip dress? Really? Please be cuter. And it’s only $55! It’s pretty much everything I love about clothing in one little package–it’s feminine, it’s dainty, flattering, insanely comfortable, and versatile. It’s Topshop from Nordstrom–one of my favorite brands to purchase there! They always have the cutest items at really affordable prices. Even if you don’t typically buy Topshop, I would peruse Nordstrom’s selection because it’s just too good! (I’ve listed some of my other favorite Topshop pieces below!) Nordstrom has so many cute trend pieces from other brands too. (But I mean, you know me, nothing too trendy like $900 furry bunny rabbit stilettos or anything weird.) Shop similar dresses:    Here I went with a monochromatic look with pink sandals by Steve Madden–you’ve seen me wear these so many times for good reason, they really are one of the most versatile pairs of shoes! Dress them up, dress them down, wear them with anything. I absolutely love them. (They come in ton’s of colors, too! If you want something slightly less pink I also love this dusty rose color) Shop these favorite sandals:    My leopard clutch is also making it’s second appearance on the blog today. $44 (a total twin of the expensive designer version!) and I think it adds a fun pop of pattern to anything you pair it with! (I’m pretty sure leopard matches everything, right?) Andddd the bow! I forgot about bows. Why don’t I wear them more often? They’re so cute! Nordstrom sells an adorable one that comes with a ponytail holder so you don’t even have to worry about tying it perfectly!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

     Thanks to Nordstrom, one of my favorite retailers, for sponsoring this post!   I love this breezy floral off the shoulder midi dress! Perfect for anything from a festival to brunch to date night! $95 Similar to the sandals I’m wearing above, but with wrap-around ankle ties! So cute, and the low heel=comfort. (Because I am too old to be dealing with uncomfortable shoes.) $80 I am DYING over this bikini! I’ve been wanting one that was off the shoulder and the cute stripes and colors make this one irresistible! Top $30, Bottoms $25   I love that this is a simple comfy t-shirt with the cutest sleeves added on. You know my thoughts on eyelet  $45 Swingy, lightweight tanks like this one are the best way to beat the summer heat! I love the gauzy fabric, the peplum ruffles and the low v in the back! The price is pretttty tough to beat, too! $40 If you liked the button details of my dress, you’ll love this romper! Plus, it has ruffles–even better  $50 Leopard errrthannngggg! Do I need to say more? These are only $35! I have been dying over this romper for awhile now. Think I should pull the trigger? $58 Ruffles, lace, and stripes. Too much goodness! $90 This little red number is just the right combination of sweet and spicy! Love the cut out details and the price, too! $75 I’ve been wanting a denim mini for awhile now (one obviously longer than the Hollister version I wore in high school, thankfully) and this one is just perfect! It has great reviews and is only $55!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jessi Afshin says  June 16, 2017 at 9:58 am That is such an adorable little dress! I love the buttons  -Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Diana Pearl says  June 16, 2017 at 10:05 am I need so many of the items in this post! The dress is so pretty and elegant, and that romper below is so, so cute too! x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Melissa Imbrogno says  June 16, 2017 at 10:52 am I love this slip dress and this color is one of my favorites lately! Thinking of doing my bridesmaid dresses this color. <3 So pretty!  http://www.simplymeli.com 
Britney Crawley says  June 16, 2017 at 1:19 pm The bow is totally a finishing touch to this look. So cute! Love the slip dress.Can’t wait to see more wedding details. Have a great weekend, Jess! 
Kelly in the City says  June 19, 2017 at 7:32 am I am extremely partial to these photos.  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Navy Blue Blouses Tops, Cosmetic Bags, Long Dresses, Pink Sneakers and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 29, 2017   Coat: Canada Goose Shelburne Parka (comes in lot’s of colors!) // Sweater: Halogen ($89!)–comes in grey, burgundy, and black as well! // Velvet Leggings (also styled here and here): SPANX, Turtleneck: J.Crew tissue turtleneck via Nordstrom (come in so many colors! I stocked up on more this past Cyber Monday!) // Booties: 1.State (only $59!) I also own this pair (I have black, but they come in tan) if you want a similar look with a flat heel! They’re also on sale for $89! // Scarf: Accessory collective (only $24!) I’m also obsessed with this similar chunkier knit version for $26 as well as this white one with grey and blush plaid!  Happy Wednesday guys! How has your week been? So, it’s been pretty low-key here, just getting back into the swing of things from Thanksgiving. I woke up with a cold on Monday so I haven’t honestly been out of the house much. I just started The Unbreakable Kimmie Schmidt on Netflix. Which I will admit I had VERY low expectations for but it’s actually kind of hilarious!? I needed a new “girly” show that I could binge without Neal being jealous and getting FOMO (you know, now that I finished Grace and Frankie. So sad. I can’t believe it’s over.) Have you watched either?! Anyway, back with another outfit post we shot at the lake! We took this right before we left to go out to dinner and it was the perfect casual cozy outfit for the occasion! As the temperatures have started to get chilly I’ve started getting questions on layering–particularly, how to layer without looking frumpy and bulky. So, I thought today would be a good day for a lesson  I’ve said it 100 times and I’ll say it again, everyone needs one of these turtleneck tees! When you’re adding a ton of layers on and don’t want to look too bulky, it really makes a big difference if you start with form-fitting base layers. The reason for this is that they show off the shape of your body (so you don’t look like a box) but also add warmth, so when you add a loose cardigan (we’ll go into this one in a minute!) over the top, you can still see your figure underneath! Shop turtleneck tees:    The same goes for pants (again, more on those below)–the more baggy your layers are on top, the more form-fitting your bottom-half should be. As a good rule of thumb, your tops and bottoms should be opposites. For example:  Tight on top and tight on the bottom= “floozie,” as my mom would say. Baggy on top and baggy on bottom= Stacy and Kent’s latest What Not To Wear Victim (“OH MY GOSH she’s got a figure under there!? Who knew!”) See? Obviously the answer is, like most things in life–finding the appropriate balance. Now–back to the cardigan–it is SO. SO. Soft. I love that it’s longer in length–which is beautiful both aesthetically, and also helps to add a ton of warmth! The great part is that it’s only $89, and it comes in other colors too! I believe this is the first “oatmeal” colored sweater I’ve ever purchased, and I think it’s so pretty! (A nice mix between the only two colors I seem to wear lately, cream and camel ?) For height reference, I’m 5’6 and it hits right at my knee. Shop my cardi in all colors:    And, for the pants. Are you getting sick of seeing these velvet leggings yet? You told me you didn’t understand how to style them, so maybe I’ve taken it overboard with three recent posts in a row wearing them?! But the truth is, I never really take them off.  ? I truthfully believe they’re more versatile even than regular leggings because they look like real pants, and therefore, can be dressed up for ton’s of different occasions, or dressed down, as you see here! They are also as comfortable as pajamas, and warmer than regular leggings, too. Sizing: run TTS.  Let’s call it what it is–sometimes you can feel like the more layers you add on, the frumpier you look. This is the sad but unfortunate truth of living in a colder climate. It’s harder to not look like an old cat lady when you go outside. (Not that I’m knocking old cat ladies.) Here’s a trick that I use and I hope that it helps you too–opt for footwear with a bit of a pointed toe. (What? Why? That’s so random.) Yes, I know. But stick with me. It goes back to what I was saying above. Had I chosen a chunky, rounder toed riding boot here, for example, that came out past my calf, it would’ve added more bulk. But these booties (which are only $59 on sale, by the way) actually make the outfit look more chic and sophisticated because the pointed toes and bit of heel goes a long way to elongate the leg. In a way, they’re more “form-fitting” shoes, if you will. Additionally, another reason that ankle booties work well here is because the cardigan comes down to my knees, so wearing a boot that hit right at the knee would’ve made my legs look substantially shorter and cut off. (The exception to this rule? Over the Knee boots–which, because they come up so high, also help to elongate the legs.)     This lesson took so long for me to learn. For the longest time, I owned very few scarves–maybe one in a cute-but-doesn’t-go-with-anything-pink pattern and one in plain black. (Functional but boring.) I never looked at scarves as a way to add to my outfit. They were always an after-thought. Solely to keep warm–much like my beanies and gloves. Which obviously never matched my scarves or the rest of my outfit for that matter. As a result, I may have had a pretty outfit on underneath, but I always looked so schleppy and thrown together whenever I had to go outside. I dreaded getting dressed for winter because it made me look like a “What Not to Wear” victim. Tip: Invest a little money upfront on a a handful of versatile accessories in different neutral colors and patterns–you really don’t need that many! This scarf, for example,  is a great one because it’s very neutral and matches so many different outfits, but it’s still a cute, interesting pattern. (That, and it’s only $25!) I also have a few different pom pom beanies that I rotate between (black, cream, and camel are the most versatile) and same with gloves or mittens! Also, for scarf styling tips see how to wear a scarf multiple ways. When you do this, you’ll actually look forward to bundling up, because you’ll still feel a lot more confident and stylish when your accessories actually go with your outfit! Shop neutral accessories:        There is a laundry list of reasons why I love my Canada Goose coat, but aside from being the warmest coat I’ve ever found (reason #1) I love that it truly isn’t bulky like most other puffer coats out there. I have the Shelburne Parka, which designed to be form-fitting, and it’s a true treat to not look like a marshmallow every day from November through March. I’ve been getting a lot of questions about Canada Goose coats and whether or not they’re worth it, so I did a whole post diving into the specific reasons why I love the Canada Goose Shelburne Parka in this post. I won’t go into them all again here, but in short, it has so many features that other coats don’t have that ensure you stay as warm as possible. I never knew how warm I could feel in negative temps until I got this coat. It TRULY does make a difference. It’s definitely one of the most expensive items that I own. Honestly though, when you break it down to how many times per year I wear it, coupled with the fact that it will last for well over a decade–that breaks down into a pretttttyy cheap cost per wear–and well-worth it when you live somewhere that transforms into an arctic tundra each winter. If you’re wondering about sizing, they run true to size! I’m wearing an XS, because I like my coats to be fitted. I rarely wear too many layers under them (well, never more than you see me wearing here) because the coat is so warm you really don’t need any extra layers with it! Nordstrom has a huge selection of Canada Goose coats (and also happens to stock everything else I’m wearing in this post ?) The best part about making big purchases like winter coats there is that their return policy is incredible (plus free shipping both ways!) so you don’t have to worry about making an investment and not being 110% happy with it! Shop my parka:     Shop this post:    Thanks to Nordstrom, one of my favorite retailers, for partnering on this post!  SaveSave SaveSave Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Naomi @HuntingforPinkFlamingos says  November 29, 2017 at 9:00 am I LOVE Grace and Frankie! I laughed SO HARD in some of the episodes. Have you watched Hart of Dixie? It’s a great girly show! 
Diana Pearl says  November 29, 2017 at 9:07 am Grace and Frankie is amazing!!! Love your booties, too!  x Diana // Pearl Girl 
pdxatheart says  November 29, 2017 at 3:02 pm Love Kimmie!! Have you watched Broad City? Slightly less wholesome, ha, but even my husband likes it! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Sweatpants, Denim Mini Skirts, Denim Tops, Pumps Heels Shoes and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog July 14, 2017  Hi guys!! I hope you’re having a great Friday night! As promised, I wanted to share a few photos of everything I’ve purchased so far from the Nordstrom sale! There are SO many good things to choose from it’s a little overwhelming, so see below for some of the wardrobe staples I went home with this afternoon! In other news, I am WIPED, so I am off to take a nap and then hopefully will be ready and able to rally for the start of the weekend  Happy shopping (and Friday night!)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I absolutely LOVE this sweater. It is so soft, and in the prettiest hue of dusty pink! It comes in SIX different colors as well! I’m wearing a size small–it’s definitely oversized, so if you want a more snug fit, I would suggest sizing down! (Also, you can get my initial necklace here, but this version is less expensive and part of the sale, too!)  Kelly has been telling me about Rag & Bone jeans for YEARS. She never stops talking about how comfortable they are, but I didn’t believe her until I actually tried on this pair! When I put them on to shoot, Cassandra goes OH MY GOD, THOSE ARE MAGIC JEANS! They are SO FLATTERING! (And really, they are!) They’re such a great pair of everyday jeans. High waisted but not TOO high, skinny but not TOO skinny, and they are so comfy they feel like sweatpants. Go go go go get ’em before they’re all sold out!  One of my favorite wardrobe staples is my brown leather jacket that my mom got for me when I studied abroad in Italy. I’ve been searching for a similar one in black every since, and I FINALLY found it! This Halogen leather jacket is PERFECT. I really wanted something that wasn’t too edgy, and I really love how classic this version is. It’s under $200, too–which NEVER happens. (P.S. I’m wearing it with this striped tee–more on that below!)  Speaking of, the leather jacket also looks ADORABLE with this floral midi! The best part about this dress is that it’s dark floral, so it’s perfect to wear right now, and through fall, too! (Showing you two ways to wear it on the blog next week–stay tuned!)  Another view of this adorable lace trimmed slip dress without the jacket, so you can see the cute lace detail on the top! FYI–it’s a bit loose, so I sized down for an XS. I find that it’s best to size down so the shape is still flattering!  THIS WRAP, YOU GUYS. O-M-G. It is so soft. If you travel a lot, it’s going to be your new best friend. It’s essentially a gorgeous cashmere blanket. You’ll want to throw it over everything this fall, and you can wear it as a scarf too!  This classic tee comes in TONS of colors and I can’t even tell you how soft it is. I opted for (OBVVIOUSSLYYY) the black and white stripe, but there’s a grey and white striped version as well! Here I’m wearing a small (bc XS was sold out) but I’d recommend going down a size if you want it to be more fitted! Hurry, sizes are selling out REALLY quickly!!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Speaking of tops that come in 100 colors, this adorable bell sleeve ruffle blouse is one of them! I fell in love with the ruffles and the polka dot pattern! It pairs perfectly with this pretty wine hued suede mini skirt and look sooooo good with OTK boots! (My favorite are the Stewart Weitzman Lowland boots, but these Stewart Weitzmans are nearly identical and on sale too, which NEVER happens!)  You guys know I’m not really that into handbags, but this olive suede crossbody really caught my eye! I love that it’s a neutral green–which is a way more fun twist on a neutral than brown, grey, or black! Olive pairs with literally everything and I love the pretty gold hardware! The bag itself is small enough to wear out at night, but roomy enough to wear during the day.  I picked up these Sarto Ankle Booties (come in black and burgundy, too) and Halogen Stretch Booties (also come in black) –both run true to size! They are great fall staples and so comfortable! Filed Under: Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Outfits, Shop, Style  
Sara Mendoza says  July 14, 2017 at 11:30 pm Is the polka dot shirt with ruffle sleeves shorter in front or a normal length?, I feel like I need shirts now that aren’t so short in the front so if I lift my arms the shirt doesn’t show my stomach.  I LOVE the shirt!!!! 
Jess says  July 15, 2017 at 1:41 pm Hi Sara! I would say it’s normal length, I wouldn’t say it’s cropped but it definitely isn’t long either–it hits right at my hip bone! I hope that helps  It’s even cuter in person! 
Sara Mendoza says  July 15, 2017 at 6:32 pm Thanks, I’m getting it:)!!!!! 
janice says  July 15, 2017 at 7:02 am HI Jess, Every blogger I follow is going to be dressed identically this Fall thanks to the Nordstrom sale!  
Jess says  July 15, 2017 at 1:42 pm Haha! Even better to illustrate how many different ways you can style a few key basics  
Diana Pearl says  July 16, 2017 at 9:38 am I neeed that travel wrap! Hoping it hangs around until after Early Access!  xx Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Jess says  July 16, 2017 at 11:52 am I hope it does too!!! 
Amanda Faber says  July 18, 2017 at 11:11 am I ordered the rag &a bone jeans- can’t wait to get them in the mail!! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sundresses, Embroidered, Flat Silver Shoes, Sam Edelman Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 6, 2017     Romper: Everly at Nordstrom (I also love this one, this one that are similar. This one is almost identical, but with cap sleeves! // Shoes: “Terry” sandals from B.P. (only $69!) I also love this pair of strappy slides // Straw Bag: Mar Y Sol (I also love this version, this version, and how cute is this little straw clutch?) // Sunglasses: Ray Ban (I’m wearing the folding version which are AMAZING for travel. Similar non-folding version here that is less expensive. These are also similar and only $12 and these for $24!) // Lipstick: Burberry Bright Plum // Initial necklace: identical here in gold and rose gold! I also love this version // Bracelet: Kendra Scott (c/o) Anddd WE’RE BACK. With another romper. This time it is actually a true one-piece and not a “faumper” (ahem, faux romper) as you saw in my previous outfit post! You may remember this adorable little thing from Insta stories a couple weeks back. (I shared my latest Nordstrom haul on stories right before Memorial Day :-P) I love love the tie-in-front-cut-out-bow-ish-thingy detail. What are we calling this trend, you guys? You know what I’m talking about. How there’s the little cut out in the mid-section? Because I’m just so in with the trends as you know. (Not really.) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I’m actually terrible with knowing what’s actually “on trend” and what the cool kids are doing these days. I would feel like a fish out of water at Fashion Week. (Couldn’t tell you any trends that came off the runway this year.) True story: sometimes brands and websites email me for interviews about my favorite seasonal trends and I’m like “ummmmm…dresses?” I don’t know. Seriously. I just buy what I like! (So the next time you feel silly for not knowing what’s “in” or “out”–don’t worry–because I don’t actually either. Haha!) I think it’s much better to buy what you love instead of worrying about what’s cool or not! This is one out of 100 reasons I love shopping at Nordstrom–because so much of their selection is the perfect mix of “on trend” meets “classic staple.” (But never those REALLY ridiculous trends where you’re like, “SERIOUSLY I want to meet the person who would ever purchase such a thing.”) They have so many cute pieces that they just got in for summer. (Shop ’em all right here!) Some of my favorite brands to shop here: Topshop, Madewell, Leith, Lush, and B.P. to name a few! Anyway. Trendy or not trendy, this romper is adorable any way you slice it. I think we can call this the trend the “tie front trend”–does that sound good? The seersucker also makes the romper so classic, timeless, and I love how it’s almost vintage-inspired. The best part is that it’s only $49. Wahoo! Shop more tie-front dresses + rompers:    Speaking of summer trends, another one I can really get behind–straw bags! Why did we think they were just for the beach before? This one is by Mar Y Sol, and there are so many different variations. You’ve also seen these shoes about a dozen times by now, but what can I say–I wear them weekly! They are such a great price and they really are the most comfortable heeled sandals I own. (They also come in black!) These sunnies are also one of my favorite accessories ever. They fold up into a teeny-tiny case, and are the best travel sunglasses because they take up barely any room in your purse! They also come in a classic gold (non mirrored) version that I’m really close to pulling the trigger on. I’m listing some others below too (budget-friendly dupes too, although, they sadly don’t fold!) Shop more round sunnies:     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

      Thank you to Nordstrom, one of my favorite retailers, for sponsoring this post!  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jessi Afshin says  June 6, 2017 at 8:23 am You are too cute! I love that romper. So adorable! And perfect for summer  -Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Carly | The Clydescope says  June 6, 2017 at 10:17 am MY PERFECT BEAUTIFUL INTERWEB FRIEND!!!!!!! 
Rachel Spross says  June 6, 2017 at 10:51 am That is such a cute little romper! So sweet and summery. Love the blooms, too! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Diana Pearl says  June 6, 2017 at 11:55 am I bought this romper after seeing it on your Insta Stories, and I too am obsessed! I’m headed to Nantucket this weekend and cannot wait to wear it! x Diana // Pearl Girl Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Rompers, Tan Slides, Black Cropped Pants, Present Ideas and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 7, 2019     AGolde Parker shorts (left) vs. Treasure & Bond Boyfriend Shorts (right), BB Dakota sweatshirt –also on Amazon (LOVE this sweatshirt, I wear it so much, especially for travel!), Sam Edelman sandals (so comfy!!) GUESS WHAT!?  We’re off to Oregon today! We’ll be spending the next few days with my fam in the teeny tiny lake town we grew up going to when I was little! We’re having a little mini family reunion and we actually rented the EXACT house we used to own–isn’t that nuts that we found it on VRBO!? It looks totally different now, but I’m so excited!  In other news, I’ve been getting so many questions on the topic of jean shorts. Which are worth the splurge, budget-friendly options, longer options, looser options, and more–so the two pairs I’m going to show to you today should definitely pass the test! These are the only two pairs I wear these days, and I love them both for different reasons! If you’ve been hunting for the perfect pair, I hope this helps!  First up…    Price: $128–Available at Shopbop and Revolve 
Length: 2.75″ inseam
Rise: 11.5″ High Rise 
Fit: Relaxed–I ordered my normal size and I’m glad I did, but you can size down if you want them tighter.
Buttons: Button fly  Okay–these are probably my #1 most worn pair of shorts. They have become cult classic jean shorts and now I can see why, even though I held out buying them for so long. I love that they aren’t tight on my thighs–which is my BIGGEST pet peeve with shorts. They’re definitely on the shorter side (2.75″ inseam) but what’s weird is that they don’t LOOK that short–especially considering the other shorts we’re comparing here are 4″ inseam and they look relatively the same from the front in the photo, right? I think this is because their loose, relaxed fit makes them not seem so short–vs shorts that are tight with a 2.75″ inseam? FORGET IT!  Ok also let’s address the elephant in the room–the price tag. Obviously these are expensive for jean shorts, and honestly, it’s annoying–why are they the same price as a pair of premium denim jeans when they are like 1/8th of the material!? I got over that quickly though, because I’m going to wear these like 5 x a week this summer. Honestly, I’d rather have ONE pair of fantastic expensive jean shorts that make me feel like a million bucks than 5 pairs of jean shorts that I’m constantly pulling at because they’re too tight on my legs.  So there you have it–worth every penny!    
Price: $69
Rise: 11.5″ high rise
Length: 4″ inseam
Sizing: I ordered my normal size and they’re a little big. If you want them a little tighter in the waist, size down. 
Fit: Looser boyfriend fit, much longer in length, but I think these are tighter on my thighs just due to their length and where they hit. They also have a step hem–so they’re longer in the back than the front. (Which is ideal!) 
Buttons: Button fly  Okay, let’s jump into our next pair! I love, love the brand who makes these shorts–Treasure & Bond–which is a Nordstrom brand. If you’re looking for shorts that aren’t quite so short, are super soft and stretchy, and half the price of the first pair–these are going to be your jam! They’re boyfriend cut, so they’re a longer inseam and also designed to be a relaxed fit. (They do provide more coverage in the booty area for sure.) Like I mentioned, the denim is super soft and stretchy–and actually, it’s because these are 99% cotton IT ALL MAKES SENSE. (Except I don’t know how they’re jean shorts if they’re cotton? Whatever.) I’d say these almost feel like cotton they’re so soft, whereas the above shorts have no stretch. The pockets are visible on these, which I think is a cute added touch, but if you don’t like them, you can easily just push them up so they don’t show!  Added bonus: With every Treasure & Bond purchase, Nordstrom donates 2.5% to youth empowerment organizations!  I highly recommend checking Abercrombie and American Eagle! I haven’t found any in particular that are current, but I really love all their jeans and have heard good things about their shorts as well!   Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Pj Sets, Stuart Weitzman Pumps, Black Booties Heels, White One Piece Swimsuit and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 12, 2015   Sometimes I like to pretend that I don’t wince every time I look at Rach Parcell’s amazing closet. But then I realize, who am I kidding? I mean, look at all those shoes! Sometimes the comparison game really gets the best of me. Especially in the world we live in, where all you see is everyone else’s highlight reel. It’s easy to get caught up in everyone else’s rows and rows of Jimmy Choos and Louboutins, and shelves of Chloe bags, and chic Phillip Lim satchels. Am I right? Does this ever happen to you? That’s why I was really excited when I heard about this new website, The Wrld.  It’s a global online retailer (AKA a high-end luxury second hand store that you can shop from your couch). Based in New York, the site offers over 150+ global and local designer brands, at up to 90% off–second hand, and immaculately cared for. It gives people like me (us!) the ability to score some really great, quality items that we might not be able to stomach otherwise. (Like a classic Louis Vuitton tote for $328–68% off! Or some adorable DVF peep toe booties for $50–83% off!) They’ve also got a great selection of classic LBD’s from designers like Calvin Klein and Theory. At first this seemed too good to be true, but I was reassured when I discovered they hand inspect and authenticate each item, and offer hassle-free returns. I’ve purchased some designer things on eBay before, but as you know, eBay purchases can get a little dicy from time to time! I love the easy return policy and guaranteed authenticity you get with this site. Another great thing about the site is that they post new finds every day, so the selection you find one day is always different than the next. It’s definitely an online treasure hunt, but one that is quick, easy, and you don’t have to sort through ton’s of junk to find something you love–like you would at any other second hand store. Shop some of my favorites below. You can also get $25 off any order of $75 or more, available through March 31st! Just use the code JessSpring.  (You’re welcome!) Shop all these favorites at TheWrld.com!          Main image via Pink Peonies // This post is sponsored by TheWrld Filed Under: Advice, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Silver Sandals, Black Pumps Sale, Wide Leg Jeans, Knit Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog January 6, 2014  Sweaters on sweaters. Sweaters fo’ days. I’ve defaulted to a whole new layering method due to this weather we’ve been having in the windy city. I kind of think I like it though, it certainly makes things interesting! I love the pattern peaking out of an otherwise plain, classic chunky knit. What do you think? What are your layering techniques to keep warm in the snowpocolypse?    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
       Coat: Via Spiga (similar) Cable Kit Sweater: Philip Lim for Target (similar), Striped Sweater: Urban Outfitters (similar), Jeans: Old (similar), Shoes: Zara, Bracelet: J.Crew, Lipstick: CoverGirl LipPerfection in Eternal                                    Hmm smizing not working out too well. This was too awkward not to post.  Shop Black + White (and lots of sweaters too!)  Filed Under: Style  
Chelsie Moss says  January 7, 2014 at 4:51 pm this oufit is adorable! ps: why am i just know discovering your fab blog? x chelsie / hellogirlblog.com 
Chelsie Moss says  January 7, 2014 at 4:51 pm now* – ugh this weather has my brain frozen! 
jess keys says  January 7, 2014 at 6:40 pm Thank you Chelsie! Appreciate you stopping by! Likewise, HelloGirl is amazing! Congrats on the new camera by the way! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Frayed Shorts, Bralettes, Metallic Shoes, Straw Bags and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 24, 2019  HIII guys!  HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND! Thanks so much again for being patient while my site was down. Since I wasn’t able to log into the back end of my site either, I wasn’t able to work on ANYTHING while it was down, haha, thus the delay in today’s post, but it’ll definitely be worth the wait! What are you up to this weekend? We’ll be celebrating our friends Brian and Annie tying the knot tonight and tomorrow, and then heading to the lake on Sunday and Monday!  Lot’s of sales happening this weekend, so I wanted to create a well curated selection to make navigating the madness a little bit easier! Thanks to all who weighed in on instagram stories with your feedback on what you wanted to see in this post–I hope this is super helpful!  Let’s jump in   The best tank dress: Just bought this from Madewell and I’ve been meaning to do an entire post on different ways to style it! It’s probably one of the most versatile dresses I own! It’s so cute and feminine and it’s great for a date, but still conservative enough for work! It also looks great with sneakers!  Linen Midi Dress: One of my favorite dresses I’ve been wearing a ton! Great for travel because it looks good with so many different types of shoes and will keep you cool! See all the ways I styled it here! Runs TTS!  Linen jumpsuit: I wish so badly I’d had this in Italy–haha! I would’ve worn it every day! Also something that can be dressed up or down–you can even wear it as a cover up over your bathing suit! It’s super loose and breezy and will easily hide all that pasta and pizza you’re eating on vacay! Runs big!!  Leith ruched dress: $46! Another insanely versatile dress–I own the long sleeve version but I’ve heard from SO many of you who got this dress and are in love with it. One of the few dresses that looks great on any body type. It’s also great for bachelorette parties because you can dress it up with heels and it looks sexy enough to go out to a club but you can also dress it down with sneakers and it will look just as adorable! Love love love this dress–snap it up ASAP–comes in lot’s of colors! Sizing: Go up a size if you don’t want it tight, and order your normal size if you want it form fitting like the model.  Linen cardigan: The perfect layer for the office or for summer travel!  Button-front linen tank: At $20, this might be the best steal of all! A great layering piece that can work for so many occasions–dress it up with jeans and heels for date night, layer it under a cardigan for work, or wear it with shorts on vacation! Comes in lot’s of colors!  Madewell tie-front sweater tank: Another that can be worn for so many occasions! Such a cute summer top! Only $29!  Lou + Grey linen pants: A fantastic summer wardrobe staple for everyone! Perfect for work (they aren’t as casual as most linen pants, so you can totally dress them up for the office!) but also so cute to wear to happy hour on the patio, or on vacation!  J.Crew Perfect Striped Tee: I own this tee in a bunch of colors–the best chic tees. I love that they’re a little bit nicer material and a more snug cut, so they’re more feminine and easy to dress up to wear to the office!  Tie Front Shorts: Another great summer staple! Cute, feminine, cool, not too short, not tight! Come in lot’s of colors!  Zella Leggings: No idea how these aren’t sold out yet!! $35!! Buy multiple pairs!! Such great leggings–AND this pair has pockets big enough for your phone!  Paperbag waist, not too short linen shorts: Another crazy steal–$27 for these shorts!! They come in lot’s of colors and are double-lined, so you don’t have to worry about them being see through!  Note: If you want more Madewell on sale, definitely hit up Nordstrom’s sale–they have a ton of Madewell stuff marked down!  Lot’s of you looking for home decor/furniture deals–so definitely check these out!  If you’ve been looking for jewelry of any kind, I LOVE Baublebar. That’s where so many of my earrings are from!  I really don’t take advantage of Uniqlo like I should!! They have so many amazing deals–tons of you rave about their amazing staples! I especially think their linen button downs seem like amazing staples and are on sale for UNDER $20!!  I asked you guys on Instagram stories what requests you had for this round up and what you were looking to buy on sale this weekend, so here is some direction based on your feedback!   The linen midi I’m wearing above is marked down to $35! (Also comes in plus size!)  Lot’s of requests for dresses–from dresses under $50, Bra strap friendly, Rehearsal Dinner friendly, Bachelorette appropriate, great for travel! Here are my reccos for dresses:  I’d say, definitely go to Lord + Taylor’s sale. Fun fact: I think Lord + Taylor has the best dress selection anywhere online, and they ALWAYS have crazy awesome sales. When you’re shopping for any dress–look here first! They have a ton of dresses under $50, evening and formal dresses, cocktail dresses, and casual dresses! Also, all Madewell dresses are 20% off right now as well! I just got this olive tiered maxi and I LOVE IT so much. I’m actually wearing it to our friends rehearsal dinner this weekend!  I also love this beautiful blue wrap dress on sale at J.Crew–it reminds me the one that Rachel McAdams wore in The Notebook!   Above: One of my fave pairs of summer heels–comfy, go with everything, and marked down to $59!  Check out Nordstrom’s sale shoes, Lord + Taylor sale shoes, and Madewell for 20% all their sandals! For wedges, my favorite Treasure + Bond espadrille wedges are on sale for 35% off.  For comfortable, versatile, classic sandals, Madewell is definitely the place to go! These sandals would be PERFECT for a summer trip (I wore a pair just like them everywhere in Italy) and they have amazing reviews about being super comfy and moulding to your feet!  For super comfy, budget-friendly slip on slides–I own these Treasure + Bond slides and LOVE them. On sale for $39! They also go with everything! I wore them in this post!  Looking for great neutral wedding heels? These Sam Edelman sandals have insane reviews and are on sale! They’re sleek, minimal, and best of all–the perfect height!  For work pants: J.Crew’s Peyton pants are marked down–they’re wide leg crop and stretch linen–SO CUTE and still professional and cool! Work AND weekend pants: These Lou + Grey linen pants on sale at LOFT are really great because they don’t have a drawstring like a lot of linen pants, they have a tie-waist, so they can be dressed up for the office or dressed down for vacation!  The best all purpose dress that works for the office, too: This button-front shift from Madewell (20% off!)–I got it a few weeks ago and I’ve already worn it so many times. It’s really versatile, comfy, cool, and still beautiful and feminine. It’s also conservative enough for most office environments!  Linen button downs: The key to looking professional, stylish, and COOL in the summer–the linen button down. One of my favorite brands, Treasure & Bond, has one marked down to $34! Uniqlo also has linen button downs for $20!!  Layers for the chilly office AC: I love Nordstrom’s Halogen brand, which has a few great workwear staples on sale–like this linen cardigan (perfect for chilly office AC and cool nights at the beach!) I also love this tweed jacket that is professional but gives a fun pop of color!  Super layer-able tanks: Like this slinky silk shell from J.Crew, or this button-front silk camisole from LOFT. Wear them under a cardigan for the office, or with a pair of shorts outside the office!   I just found my FAVORITE SUITCASE OF ALL TIME reduced to under $200 on Amazon! There are few things I own that I love as much as this suitcase–it holds so much stuff–and is SO cute. It’s a hard case and wipes clean easily (with hot water and sponge or Mr. Clean Magic Eraser!)  Shorts: Comfortable (not too tight, not too short), versatile shorts are a must for vacation–check out this pair ($41!) and this pair ($27!) from Nordstrom and this tie waist linen pair from LOFT.  Two favorite linen essentials I’ve worn on the blog lately are marked down: This linen midi and this linen jumpsuit. Both classic, stylish, and best of all–they keep you cool! You can dress them up AND dress them down–from exploring all day to dinner at night!  These Lou + Grey linen pants I mentioned above for work would also be ideal for travel!  Looking for great summer tees on sale? (Obvi a travel essential!) J.Crew’s linen blend v-neck pocket tank is on sale, as well as their striped Perfect Tee–I own them in tons of colors! My favorite striped tees!   J.Crew has a TON of swim marked down! Their suits are always SO cute. Nordstrom also has quite a few really cute suits marked down–including my FAVORITE white one piece from Becca! (Above) It also comes in black. (LOVE the brand–shop all their on-sale suits here!)  xoxo Jess  Filed Under: Jess' Picks, Style   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Blue Jumpsuits, Black Off Shoulder Dresses, Platform Black Heels, Black And White Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 1, 2017   Floral Ruffle Tank: Leith (on major sale–only $35! Would look so cute with these ripped white jeans that are under $60!) // Matching Floral Ruffle Shorts: Leith ($55!) // Shoes: Steve Madden (Only $79 and come in several colors! You last saw them styled here.) They also come in a cork version that is on sale for $55! Earrings: c/o Tuckernuck (this exact color is sold out, but they come in navy, white and gold! I also love these very similar coral earrings!) // Necklace: Helen Ficalora (similar here in gold + rose gold for only $58) // Leopard Calfhair Clutch: B.P. (Only $45 and it looks JUST like the Claire V one!) //Makeup: Burberry Fresh Glow Fluid base + Fresh Glow Foundation + Fresh Glow Under eye concealer + Earthy Blush, Charlotte Tilbury Mascara, Burberry Bright Plum Lipstick // Bracelet: c/o Kendra Scott  // Nail polish: Essie Gel Polish in “Rock the Runway”  Happy JUNE! I feel like half of my blog posts begin with some type of exclamation about how quickly time is flying. Sorry. But seriously, it’s really incredible. My friend Liz posted on Instagram stories that she often gets teary eyed when looking at photos of her family because she still feels like a teenager, yet time seems to be slipping through her fingers at record speed. I never really understood the expression, “the days are long, but the years are short” more so than I do right now. Getting engaged seems like both years ago and also just hours ago. Do you ever feel that way too? Admittedly I’ve been putting off wrapping up the final “little” details of our wedding because it still seems so far away, but majorly it’s creeping up on me, so I’m hoping to cross off a lot of those things this week so I can breathe a little easier. Anyway, I’ve got a busy day ahead! First up, I’m heading to the Hilton downtown to meet with their team on a cool initiative they’re working on, and helping them to brainstorm ideas and different ways to bring a few new projects of theirs to life! I feel like I’m back in my advertising days again. (But only the good parts, haha!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Second–after that, I’m heading to Blair’s to work on some blog stuff and also to work on a huge launch that’s coming up for Blogging For Keeps next week! (Fingers crossed, if all goes according to plan!) By the way, if you’re a blogger, make sure to join our awesome Facebook group! Blair just moved from Streeterville to Lakeview–I cannot WAIT to see her new place. She’s got a knack for interior design that I don’t think I will ever posses (I credit my horrible sense of spacing to my poor math skills) so I’m dying to see what she’s done with the new space. Third–I’m going to dinner with my old roomies/besties to celebrate my friend Melissa’s engagement! (She’s the one who I just told you about last week who got engaged in Austria. She’s back in the country and we cannot WAIT to see her in person and scream like little girls!) We’re going to our favorite go-to spot, Gemini Bistro. (We used to live across the street!) Celebratory steak frites are in order. Anywho–Kelly and I shot this outfit when she came over last Thursday afternoon! The top is on major sale (so I wanted to get this blog post up ASAP before it sold out!) and is only $35! What I love most about the top and the bottom is that they look so cute mixed with other things, and even cuter together! It almost looks like a romper, right? Except the two pieces make it so much easier when, um, you have to pee? Haha! (Too much honesty?) Fun side fact: When I first started blogging I went on WGN Chicago and shared 4 outfits to wear to different Chicago summer festivals–I suggested a romper for one of them and one viewer was so angry she decided to come to my blog and leave a mean comment about how I was stupid for suggesting something so ridiculous as to wear a romper to a street festival due to how difficult they made using the bathroom. Now I’m a bit oversensitive on assessing the easy of the “pull down” situation whenever wearing rompers. Long story short, I hope she’s reading this. THIS SOLVES ALL THE ROMPER PROBLEMS, GIRLFRIEND. Anddd moving on… I absolutely love the ruffle detail on the shorts and they’re also a steal (though not on sale) for $55. I know I’m bordering on Elle Woods ridiculousness here with all the pink, but, I mean…I couldn’t not wear my favorite pink sandals. (They come in tons of other colors and the low heel makes them so versatile comfy too!) The cork version is on sale and super cute, too! Speaking of steals, I’ve loved the Claire V leopard clutch from afar for so long and considered taking the $200+ plunge–BUT–then I found this identical twin for a mere $45. Kelly and I passed it at Nordstrom and both did a double take and started screaming “BAHHHH OMG JUST LIKE THE CLAIRE V ONE!!!!” (Obviously, I had to buy it.)  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Lisa says  June 1, 2017 at 7:55 am Um, this “faux romper” look is genius, and adorable! Happy June!  
Britney Crawley says  June 1, 2017 at 8:02 am Okay, cracking up at your side-fact! I also love this outfit on you! I was looking for dresses at Nordstrom a few weeks ago and I actually ordered the dress in this print from Leith. I really wanted to love it, but the fit wasn’t super flattering. I wish I would have thought to look at other options like this adorable set! So cute. Love it with the pink sandals. 
Jessi Afshin says  June 1, 2017 at 8:54 am This is the cutest outfit! Love the colors and this definitely solves the pull down issues haha. You look beautiful! xoxo
Jessi
https://www.thedarlingdetail.com/ 
Gentry says  June 1, 2017 at 8:58 am This set is absolutely adorable!! I’m a big romper fan but agree that the bathroom issue is the one downside of them. How fun that this solves those problems!! And in my book you can never have too much pink  Happy June! 
Diana Pearl says  June 1, 2017 at 10:22 am I totally that that clutch was Clare V.! I’ve wanted one of her striped ones for foreverrr, And I love that this is a set, I thought it was a romper at first glance! x Diana // Pearl Girl 
Naomi @HuntingforPinkFlamingos says  June 2, 2017 at 4:10 pm This is so, so cute. And for real, going to the bathroom is my least favorite part of wearing rompers, so this is PERFECT. 
Keri Elaine says  June 2, 2017 at 8:57 pm That’s so exciting that your friend got engaged! https://kerielaine.com
Keri Elaine 
Sarah Flandro says  June 5, 2017 at 9:39 am This look is too cute! I totally thought it was a romper too, at first glance. I love the mixed patterns (with the clutch and the pattern on the top/bottoms you’re wearing). It’s such a fun outfit. I love rompers but hate going to the bathroom while wearing one. I’ll sacrifice my dignity for fashion occasionally though. ?? This is definitely a great option to get the same look and not have that problem. Thanks for sharing! xo, Sarah
http://www.hustlababy09.blogspot.com 
Laura (bright and beautiful) says  June 5, 2017 at 10:17 am Such a fun outfit! LOVE those earrings, too! xo, Laura | brightandbeautifulblog.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Colored Denim Jeans, White Jeans, Red Bikinis Tops, Black And White Jumpsuit and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 3, 2013   Holy smokes is it getting cold outside! The rapidly-approaching Chicago weather has got me scrambling for more and more layers every day. I’m always a sucker for the preppy button-up + sweater combo. To keep things interesting, I always try to play with different patterns & textures. I love the interesting twist of the striped/checkered combo here, especially with the pop of dark red lipstick. No winter blues here, Chicago!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
           What I’m Wearing: Coat: Zara   Sweater: Urban Outfitters  Shirt: Zara   Necklace: TopShop   Jeans: Paige Denim  Shoes: Aldo/Asos Shop Stripes & Checks:    Filed Under: Style  
Fash Boulevard says  December 3, 2013 at 5:11 pm Super chic and classic. You look extra fabulous, love. xo http://www.fashboulevard.com 
Jess Keys says  December 3, 2013 at 6:18 pm Thank you, Anna! Love your site, there goes my productive work day!  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Cutout Dresses, Black Gowns Dress, Rebecca Taylor Blouses, Turtlenecks On Sale and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 12, 2017  Getting Monday’s post up a little bit early today, because Sundays are for Netflix and online shopping, right? There are a lot of awesome wardrobe staples on sale for some incredible prices in honor of Valentine’s Day. These in-between season sales are a really great way to acquire some great pieces for your closet, so I’ve rounded up my 6 favorite on-sale pieces at the moment–many of which you can start wearing before Spring even hits (and year-round!) I’ve had my eye on this moto jacket for a long time, I absolutely love the dark green color, but it also comes in slate grey, camel, and black! If you’ve been looking for one, I think this is one of the cutest one’s I’ve seen for the price! They also make a suede version in additional awesome colors (but that one isn’t on sale. Yet. Womp womp.) As the weather warms up, you’ll be reaching for this one every time you leave the house! It’s super versatile and will look great with everything from your pencil skirt at work to a slinky tank for date night. I love love these tops J.Crew just released! They come in several colors and patterns (STRIPES! EEE!) Because they’re long sleeved, they’re easy to work into your wardrobe right now with jeans and a leather jacket (ahem, above) and later with shorts and espadrilles. I get so many compliments on my classic camel-colored leather jacket that I got in Italy. (Which sadly, they don’t sell online, so I can’t link it for you guys) HOWEVER, this version is VERY close. Its real leather, which is pretty impossible at this price. I wear mine year-round and it’s the #1 favorite item in my wardrobe. This version also comes in black! I have always been a huge fan of Sam Edelman shoes! They make some of my favorite ankle boots, the Petty Chelsea (I have them in brown!) which are on sale for under $100! I also love their classic riding boot, the Penny–such an amazing price for quality boots! Both of these are staples that you can wear well into spring–plus, they’re stylish AND comfy!   The most versatile high-heeled sandals you can buy–you’ve likely seen these sandals pretty much everywhere. (Or their Stewart Weitzman counterparts!) Right now they’re 25% off–if you only buy one pair of heels for spring & summer, these would be a really great, versatile pair to purchase! Joe’s is one of my favorite denim brands, and I’ve owned a lot of them over my lifetime! They’re quality, comfortable, and really flattering! They have a lot of great pairs on sale right now, so if you’ve been looking for a new pair of jeans, I’d definitely recommend checking them out!  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Jane says  February 12, 2017 at 12:47 pm Joe’s are my favorite jeans too! They are the best! Thanks for the heads up on the sale! 
Gold Clutter says  February 12, 2017 at 5:24 pm Sam Edelman makes the best shoes. 
Britney says  February 13, 2017 at 7:35 am I’ve been considering leather and faux leather jackets and have been eyeing those ones too! My husband keeps reminding me that we want to put in hardwood floors in the spring, but it’s so tempting with the sale! 
Joules says  February 13, 2017 at 9:48 am Sam Edelman boots for under $100? BRB, off to shop… Style by Joules 
Ali says  February 13, 2017 at 10:45 am I just bought #1 in grey and I’m obsessed! Such a great and versatile jacket! 
Rachel says  February 13, 2017 at 2:47 pm Give a girl a good pair of jeans and a leather jacket and she can conquer anything. Love your picks!! Rachel / http://www.helloher.co Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Heel Booties, Pink Flats, Dress Pumps, Sweater Cardigans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 5, 2017   Pictured above: Mar Y Sol tote and B.P. Sandals (only $69!)  Happy Monday! How was your weekend? 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

This was the first weekend that it REALLY felt like summer! (As in, it was actually so hot that I had to come inside several times to cool off!) The past few days have been pretty low-key for me, Neal was out of town on his bachelor party (they didn’t lose anyone, no arrests, and no chipped teeth, so it was considered a big success). Saturday I spent most of the day working on Blogging For Keeps (big news coming later this week, keep an eye out!) and then Kelly and I went over to Shaheen’s for dinner! It was Kelly (and Emma’s!) first time meeting Zain. He is SO cute! (Emma was a littttllee bit jealous of her mom holding another baby!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Sunday I went to the grocery store and made dinner (chicken noodle soup, per the bachelor’s request) and when Neal got home we hung out on the couch and watched tv. (Aladdin was on last night, NBD. Hahaha.) Anyway, in honor of summer REALLY arriving, I rounded up 30 of my favorite summer finds below!  LEMON PRINT!! I’ve been dying over all the lemon print circling the internet lately, but I feel like every dress I find is so expensive! But this one is only $105. Yassss. It’s back! It’s back! The Cult Gaia Ark Bag is in-stock in both sizes at Net-a-Porter. (I have the size large). $140  These budget-friendly jeans are made of a super comfy stretchy cotton-denim blend! I tried on the pair without the distressing but am planning to order these online! $59  My new favorite handbag buy–this clutch looks just like the Claire V one but is only $44!  I never wear hot pink, but I LOVE the color of this peplum top. It comes in tons of other colors, too! $42  I feel like I’ve seen these ruffled slides everywhere on Instagram! Right now they’re 30% off and only $40!  I’ve got a thing for wrap dresses AND yellow lately, so this one was kind of a no-brainer. $49  A wear-anywhere tank shift dress. I live in easy dresses like this for the summer, and this one comes in two other colors, too! $49  Another wrap dress. Sorry. I can’t contain myself. And this amazing floral print!? With the midi length, I think you could even wear it to a summer wedding! The color and ruffle details of this romper made me smile immediately! The back is super adorable, too! $58  You all know my obsession with Everlane. They just came out with a linen blend sweater that is perfect for cooler summer nights. It comes in several colors too! $65 I’ve been looking for a cute ruffled off the shoulder one-piece that wasn’t too high cut in the legs. (Why the Baywatch trend? NOT into that!) I love that this one is classic and black is ultra flattering! $128 This looks like the perfect shirt dress for a hot summer day, and would also work great for a beach cover-up (the fact that it’s long sleeved to protect your arms from sunburn is a big plus!) Comes in lot’s of colors/patterns, too! $69  Madewell has come out with SO many cute, feminine items for summer–I love the sleeve detail on this pretty blue dress! $118 If you’ve been looking for distressed boyfriend jean shorts, Topshop has ’em for only $55! I just got this little slipdress the other day. I love the ties at the shoulders and the adorable little buttons! $55 I recently picked up this hat, that has “Cest La Vie” embroidered on the top. How cute is this? It was a must for my honeymoon and it’s $28! If you’ve been looking for cute crop tops/sports bras for yoga, this one is only $34 or 2 for $60! The back is really cute and strappy and it comes in tons of colors, too! I’ve been on the hunt for some grey Nikes and I love the “Juvenate” versions! $85 I saw this cream blush on Instagram and really want to try it out. NARS makes the prettiest blushes and I think liquid blush is great for summer. $30 ROSE GOLD SUITCASE! Ahhh. This carry-on is so pretty, and the price is too good! Unfortunately I’m not in the market for a carry-on, but if I were, I’d snap this up in a heartbeat. Comes in other metallic colors, too. $135 They just came out with my favorite tote bag in a medium size with a front pocket and cross-body strap, too! This is the perfect go-anywhere bag for travel. $158.  This tiered chambray midi dress is too adorable. I think I would wear this every excuse I got! The length makes it suitable for the office, too, with a little sweater or jacket thrown over! $85 I love the colors and striped pattern of this one piece! $130  My favorite cap-toe shoes are FULLY back in stock! Hooray! These are so polished and chic (and look like the Chanel ones but obviously like 1/9485753th of the price!) $120 I love love love all the Mar Y Sol bags. They come in so many different variations and sizes and the combo of straw and pom poms screams summer! $129 I love this fun gold geometric earrings! They make any outfit so much fun! $34 I love how minimal and simple these classic leather slides are. (And also the price. The price is two thumbs up.) $88 Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Britney Crawley says  June 5, 2017 at 10:53 am Whoa- so many great finds! It’s hard to pick favorites. I love that the Madewell tote now comes in a medium size. Why are tote bags so huge anyways? I feel like they often overwhelm my frame (not that I’m so tiny and petite). I think my other favorites from your list are those geo earrings and the color-block one piece. You’ve got some great summer pieces here. Bring on more weather like this past weekend! 
Megan @ Lush to Blush says  June 5, 2017 at 7:54 pm It sounds like you had an awesome weekend! I seriously love all these picks. 
Cait says  June 6, 2017 at 12:17 pm LOVE all of these!! 
angsamp says  June 21, 2017 at 12:38 pm I love that ruffled OTS swim suit! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Pumps Shoes, Graphic Sweatshirts, Long Black Gowns, White And Blue Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 2, 2016  Original outfit post here  So, not sure if you’ve noticed this (PRETTTYYY sure you have) but I have a slight obsession with silk scarves.  Throw one on over any outfit and they add instant polish and a classic twist. Don’t get me wrong, I love a good blanket scarf too–but they just don’t have the same amount of charm. Vintage shops are a great place to score them on the cheap, but if you’re not into thrifting or don’t have the time, there are plenty of places to buy them new! They’re one accessory that you’ll truly have forever. There are also lot’s of varieties that come in cotton, with the same square shape. (See #7 below!)  To tie them, fold them into a triangle, and then tie like a bandanna! You can also roll them and wrap them around your neck (stewardess style!) I’ve also received several requests to do a tutorial, so be on the lookout for that soon.  In the meantime–happy shopping!     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                       



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Which scarf is your favorite? Have you scored any other great ones lately? (Let me know–I’m always on the hunt for more ;-))  Filed Under: Shop  
Carly says  February 2, 2016 at 7:53 am Omg I was literally just about to message you asking for a silk scarf tutorial. You’re a mind reader. 
Jess says  February 2, 2016 at 11:56 am Coming soooon!! 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  February 2, 2016 at 8:09 am I started cleaning out my closet yesterday and I found one!! but these are all so cute! especially loving 3 & 4! 
Jess says  February 2, 2016 at 11:55 am Yay! I want to see! 
Olivia says  February 2, 2016 at 9:55 am I need that red and white striped one in my life!!  Baubles to Bubbles 
Jess says  February 2, 2016 at 11:55 am Right? So cute! 
Kelly in the City says  February 2, 2016 at 10:30 am YAY FOR ALL THE SILK SCARVES!  Kelly | Kelly in the City 
Jess says  February 2, 2016 at 11:55 am Yayyyyyy! 
Monica says  February 2, 2016 at 10:36 am I love the Ralph Lauren equestrian print!! I would love to find an affordable vintage Hermes equestrian print scarf…maybe someday!   http://www.newenglandclassicbeauty.com 
Jess says  February 2, 2016 at 11:55 am I knowwww, but if you look often, you can find a good deal! I just found this one for $141! http://www.vestiairecollective.com/women-accessories/scarves/hermes/multicolour-silk-scarf-carre-hermes-2135849.shtml?utm_source=linkshare_us&utm_medium=affiliation&ranMID=40393&siteID=J84DHJLQkR4-ra0lYY7O2Tah3ucM_OFH7A 
Monica says  February 4, 2016 at 10:55 am OOOoooo that’s gorgeous, thank you Jess!! 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  February 2, 2016 at 12:31 pm You know I love a good silk scarf and am always eyeing that Anthropologie one! Vintage stores have the best too!  Shaheen | Lows to Luxe 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  February 2, 2016 at 2:28 pm Gorgeous scarves! 
Sheera says  February 4, 2016 at 11:42 pm You have GOT to check out rhosilk.com. She hand paints silk scarves here in Chicago. They are amazing!  […] So, speaking of this outfit. I’m not sure if you’re familiar with my friend Juley of Upperlyne, but she used to be a previous food editor for The Everygirl, thus how we became friends. Despite the fact that food was her designated area of expertise, I secretly wanted to emulate her whole wardrobe, as she’s one of the chicest people I’ve ever met and has the best “French girl” style. (You can read her tips about dressing French here.) Basically, I saw her wearing leather leggings and a navy sweater in this post, so then I was inspired to wear leather leggings and a navy sweater, obviously. (Army pants and flip flops!?) And I had to add a silk scarf because, hello. Have you met me? (P.S. check out my roundup of 9 favorite silk scarves for any budget here.)  […] […] So, speaking of this outfit. I’m not sure if you’re familiar with my friend Juley of Upperlyne, but she used to be a previous food editor for The Everygirl, thus how we became friends. Despite the fact that food was her designated area of expertise, I secretly wanted to emulate her whole wardrobe, as she’s one of the chicest people I’ve ever met and has the best “French girl” style. (You can read her tips about dressing French here.) Basically, I saw her wearing leather leggings and a navy sweater in this post, so then I was inspired to wear leather leggings and a navy sweater, obviously. (Army pants and flip flops!?) And I had to add a silk scarf because, hello. Have you met me? (P.S. check out my roundup of 9 favorite silk scarves for any budget here.) […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sweater Cardigans, Blue Blouses, Blue Heels Shoes, Denim Jean Skirts and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 20, 2018   Sweater: c/o Lord & Taylor cashmere (runs TTS, I’m wearing a Small) Shop all Lord & Taylor cashmere right here! Right now cashmere starts at $49.99! Scarf: c/o Lord & Taylor–it’s only $38!! Comes in white too! Thicker version here! Boots: Blondo (similar here in a bit shorter knee-high version and they also have an OTK heeled version that gets great reviews! Blondo runs TTS in my experience) Skirt: BlankNYC c/o Lord & Taylor (runs TTS) this burgundy cord skirt is also super cute!, Jacket: Barbour Quilted Beadnell (this version runs TTS, I’m wearing a size 2–but you may want to size up if you like a lot of layers underneath!) Hi guys! Happy Tuesday of Thanksgiving week, haha! Can you believe how fast November has flown!? HOW is this possible!? I’m really excited because my mom gets in tomorrow ?? She’s coming into town for Thanksgiving again this year and we’re so excited to have her! (Thankfully the cleaning lady came yesterday so for once my house is in order ?) Many of the items I’m wearing today are on major markdown (if you want to get started on your Black Friday shopping early!) Right now, Lord & Taylor is offering 40% sweaters–including cashmere starting at $49.99–and boots for women and men, too! Recently I asked you guys on Instagram stories what kind of topics you’d like to see this season on the blog–so many of you answered with “how to dress up sweaters” and “how to wear OTK boots with skirts”–so, you’re getting a double whammy lesson today ?Huzzah! This also happens to be the PERFECT Thanksgiving outfit–so if you’re not sure what to wear, I hope this sparks some ideas! Let’s jump in, shall we!? There are few wardrobe staples more classic than the cashmere sweater. I prefer mine to be slimmer fit, because a more tailored sweater is easier to dress up vs. a chunky one, which will always just be casual no matter what you pair it with. Lord & Taylor makes TONS of affordable cashmere sweaters, and right now–they’re 40% off! In addition to this turtleneck, also own their v-neck in black, which I’ll be styling in a few days–so stay tuned! Their cashmere sweaters come in over 28 different colors and they run true to size in my experience–I’m wearing a small but keep in mind it is a slimmer fit, so if you want it a bit looser you could consider sizing up. What I love about a cashmere sweater is that you can literally pair it with anything–trousers for work, with jeans, you name it! Camel and black are my two favorite sweater colors because I think they’re the easiest to dress up. Black, obviously, a given–the most universally flattering color, and also the easiest to transform from day to night. Camel, because it’s a beautiful color on any skin tone and I just think it makes anything you wear with it look instantly classier and polished!  As soon as I saw this BlankNYC corduroy skirt I fell in love! Not only is the color perfection (“burnt sienna” orangey-brown is definitely my favorite color as of late!) but the corduroy adds another textural element to any outfit–which goes a long way in adding more visual interest. I always love pairing tops and bottoms of similar color families (i.e. here, brown and burnt sienna are both browns) for a polished and put together look. I love that the skirt isn’t too terribly short, and it’s high-waisted, so it’s really flattering because it hits you at the thinnest part of your waist and emphasizes an hourglass shape! It would also look just as cute with tights when it gets super cold! It runs true to size. I get this question a lot, so here are a few rules of thumb– Make sure there is a little bit of space between the top of your boot and the hemline of your skirt. If your skirt hem falls below the top of your boot, this will just look frumpy and add extra pounds that aren’t actually there. Whereas if there’s a bit of skin showing in between, it will elongate the leg and make you look super chic and stylish! I always recommend Blondo boots–they are incredibly durable, and come waterproofed! So you get the look and feel of suede without having to worry about ruining them the first time you step out of the house! While I have a more expensive pair, my Blondos are what I reach for whenever the ground is wet, there is snow on the ground, it’s raining, etc. I’ve received so many messages from you guys who have purchased them on my recommendation and the reviews are ALWAYS glowing! Right now, all of Lord & Taylor’s boots are on sale–so definitely peruse their awesome selection while the sale is running! I’m always a big proponent of pattern in ANY scenario! In this case, this scarf adds the perfect dose of classic plaid to the outfit to make it feel seasonal and festive without being over the top. (And no–it’s not designer–it’s Lord & Taylor’s brand and it’s under $40! ??) I will admit, I haven’t done a lot of shopping at L&T in the past–for reasons I don’t know (!)–but that is definitely changing! I absolutely love their namesake “Lord and Taylor” label–everything they make is so affordable but beautiful, classic, and stylish. They also carry a lot of my favorite brands, and they run so many amazing promotions, where you can often snag them at a discount!    Shop this post:    This post brought to you by Lord & Taylor and Shopstyle, all opinions are 110% my own–thank you for supporting the brands that allow me to keep creating the best possible content for YOU–my best girls!  Photos by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Kait says  November 20, 2018 at 2:33 pm Love it! Just ordered a L&T sweater. Can’t wait for part 2 with leggings! Any brand reccos on the leggings would be great too! 
Melanie says  November 20, 2018 at 7:54 pm This is great. Going to L&T tomorrow! And also cannot WAIT for part two. 
Valentina Zevallos says  November 22, 2018 at 7:40 am Hi love
I am so inspired by your post, thank you so much for sharing!
Enjoy your day! 
Michał says  December 4, 2018 at 11:40 am You always look beautiful in this mini skirt, super long black suede boots and a delicate sweater and this scarf! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop High Rise Skinny Jeans, Saddle Bags, Tan Wedge Sandals, Gold Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 16, 2015   Blazer: TJ Maxx (navy is no longer online, definitely still try looking in stores though! But they do offer it in blush. Or, try this one or this one) // Jeans: Henry & Belle // Button down: Ralph Lauren // Necklace: Anne Klein // Purse: Vince Camuto (old, similar here) // Boots: Jeffrey Campbell from Nordstrom (admittedly, they were uncomfortable and I had to return them, so I’d go for these, these, or these instead!) Just kidding, I’m totally not writing this post in Ireland (I planned ahead! Snaps all around!) 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 But seriously, while I am in Ireland, this little blazer is going to be my very best friend. I snapped it up from TJ Maxx–it’s Cynthia Rowley and only set me back $30! Sadly, they don’t still have it online in navy, but they do have it in a gorgeous blush color (not so practical for travel though). This one, however, is very similar!   I will be frequently wearing it with another favorite essential, the oversized white oxford (which I bought in a little boy’s XL–so much cheaper! I also purchased these rain boots (yes, these black booties are actually rain boots) specifically for this trip. However, sadly, once I wore them around a bit, they were really pinching my toes, so I had to take them back. (Side note: I did try a size up, but those didn’t fit correctly either.)  However, Kate Spade makes an adorable pair that is almost identical. The reviews on those are much better! Anyway, I will be wearing variations of this outfit many times over the next few days while I’m in Ireland, because I only packed in a carryon backpack! I also only brought one purse–the Vera Bradley quilted backpack purse. It’s super chic (great for going out) but is big enough to fit my camera (perfect for daytime!)       Be sure to follow along my Ireland trip over on Instagram in the meantime! Filed Under: Style, Travel  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Black Bodysuits, Black Pumps Sale, Gold And Silver Jewelry, Short White Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 10, 2015   Bag: Hayden Harnett (c/o) // Coat: Old Navy (old, similar here) // Vest: Barbour (c/o) order by calling the Lincoln Park location at (773) 360-7926 or similar here and here // Striped sweater: Loft (also love this embellished version) // Leggings: Art Effect Chicago (similar here) // Boots: American Eagle (c/o) // Necklace: Shamelessly Sparkly (c/o)  Last week Kelly and I decided to get out of our apartments for a work date in Bucktown. Sometime’s you just need to get out of your usual neighborhood for a breath of fresh air, right?  We spent a couple hours working at Goddess and Grocer (one of my favorite spots), ran a couple errands, and stopped in a couple shops. Speaking of, we’re hosting an event at one of our go-to boutiques, Vintage Charm, in Bucktown this Thursday. You should come! There will be a sweets bar, drinks, and a surprise guest  Get all the details in this post. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 I don’t know about you, but I have been getting SO. BORED. with my winter stuff. How many more times can I re-wear these sweaters? So I decided to mix it up by, what else, adding more layers, and more patterns! The vest you see here is actually the lining of my Barbour jacket. It’s so cute, I’ve been wearing it on its own lately, too! I like this mix because you get the pattern variation of the checked coat and striped sweater, but also the texture differentiation between all three as well. Plus, a quilted vest kind of doubles as a pattern AND a texture. Total win-win situation. I’ve also been living out of my Hayden Harnett bag lately. (I babysat Noodle last week, and she even fit in it when we went on the bus (along with my laptop!) Total Mary Poppins magic happening.        Have a great Tuesday! Shop the look:   Photos by Kelly Larkin Filed Under: Outfits, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Bikinis Tops, Yellow Bikinis, Leather Watches, Black Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 27, 2016   Happy weekend guys! We’re having so much fun with friends at the lake house (it’s so nice out!) but I wanted to pop in and tell you about some great sales happening right now–if you’re looking stock up on some great transitional pieces, now is definitely the time to do it!  Nordstrom: Up to 60% off shoes! (Lot’s of sandals for spring, too!)  J.Crew: 25% off swim, shorts, tees and more, plus 25% off gowns, bridesmaid dresses and bridal accessories  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  J.Crew Factory: Extra 30% off with code HOWNICE Tuckernuck: Up to 40% off end of season sale  Loft: Buy one get one 50% off 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

  BaubleBar: Up to 75% off select styles Bloomingdales: 20% off with code FASHFUND Asos: $50 off $200 with code FRESH50 Pottery Barn: Exra 20% off clearance with code EXTRA20 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

Macy’s: 20% off with code LOOKS  Filed Under: Shop, Style  
Mary Kate says  February 28, 2016 at 9:42 am J Crew Factory always has such great sales! Mary Kate
http://www.mynewchicagolife.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Bralettes, Frayed Shorts, Long Black Maxi Dresses, Red Bikinis and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 25, 2015     Luckily for us, it seems like Black Friday sales are extending more and more days each year! If you anticipate being too hungover or comatose on tryptophan (turkey–that is) the day after Thanksgiving to do any shopping, you can still take advantage of some great deals TO-DAY. Here are some of my favorite sales going on right now:    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 15 percent off site-wide with code “CYBER-15,” 20 percent off $200+ with code “CYBER-20,” 25 percent off $500+ with code “CYBER-25”, and 30 percent off $1,000+ with code “CYBER-30.”  That means major discounts on Canada Goose jackets, Barbour jackets, and more! (P.S. to see our guide to buying Canada Goose and Barbour coats, check out this page in our Winter Guide e-magazine!)    Up to 40% off women’s & men’s clothing, shoes, accessories, home, and kids! Some favorites: These Rag & Bone booties at 33% off (!) these amazing hunter green Tod’s moccasins at 40% off, tons of amazing Tory Burch, and more!    40% off all new styles! They have SO many great holiday party and NYE outfits! Lot’s of sequined, metallic, feminine goodness! Obsessing over these flats, these bow heels, and this fringe dress. And if you’re on the hunt for gifts, their cashmere is to die for–perfect for your sister, mom, BFF! (Or let’s be honest, yourself.) I’ve been wearing this sweater several times per week! You can see my favorite AT essentials in this post.    50% off everything (WHAT?!) Get cozy flannels for $29,  this replica of my sweater above, for $44, and twin to the above tartan skirt for $47.50! Use code SHOPGIFTS.    30% off everything (wahoo!) with code HOLIDAY    Take an additional 40% off all sale items! (They’ve got great gifts for guys in particular, like this quilted jacket, cozy knit vest!) Plus, my favorite buffalo check cashmere scarf is on sale!  Take 25% off your entire purchase! Favorites include the transport weekender bag, this cozy pullover sweater, and billy booties.   
P.S. be sure to check back here on Black Friday for a HUGE sale list! Get excited to save some major cash  Filed Under: Shop  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Bralettes, Off Shoulder Jumpsuits, Silver Sandals, Heeled Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 9, 2013      Sweater: Banana Republic (old), Skirt: Rachel Roy, Necklace: c/o Shamelessly Sparkly, Shoes: Jeffrey Campbell Happy Monday everyone! This past weekend was pretty productive- in addition to launching GG’s brand new look, I’ve been cooking up some extra-special posts (get excited!)  I had so much fun doing this shoot in particular. It was my first chance to pull my new Rachel Roy skirt out of the closet! It was such an awesome score at Nordstrom Rack, perfect for holiday party season- work parties, family parties, or just for fun. Here I’ve paired it with a classic sweater and some red Jeffrey Campbell heels. Because I can never have enough sparkle, this necklace from Shamelessly Sparkly was perfect to top it all off! Want to talk about some awesome stocking stuffers? You should check out all her new necklaces! Remember to use the code GOLDENGIRL at checkout for 20% off!  Here’s to a great start to the week!  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
                    Manicure mishap? Make your no-chip mani last longer by painting the chipped nails with glitter polish Shop “Holiday Party”     Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Stuart Weitzman Pumps, High Rise Skinny Jeans, Brown Flats, Black Heeled Booties and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog December 6, 2016   Plaid button-down shirt: old, but identical right here (also love this similar navy plaid button down, and this green one, too! // Scallop front mini skirt: Nordstrom–I also love this lace version that would be great for holiday parties, and this asymmetric version // Lace up pumps: Marc Fisher at Nordstrom (also come in two pretty shades of red, grey, and camel!) This pair is also similar and on sale for $50! Also obsessed with this pair, which has a chunkier heel and thicker ties around the ankle! // Faux Fur Scarf: c/o Sole Society (comes in several colors!) and also available at Nordstrom // Bracelets: Kendra Scott // Earrings: Kendra Scott // Hair: Curled with a beachwaver curling iron, VERB hair spray and Oribe texture spray (I’m OBSESSED with their products. This gift set would make the best present for a beauty lover! They smell SO GOOD, even Neal notices how amazing they smell!) Lipstick: MAC matte lipstick in Diva    



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 YOU GUYS it’s so cold. WAHH! Know what’s funny? When you move into a new house in the summer and you don’t know if it’s going to be freezing or warm when winter rolls around? Remember when I told you about my favorite fur blanket that I walk around under all day like the Revenant? Yeah. Haven’t taken it off yet today. I’m under the blanket, on my fur bean bag, next to the fire. ITS STILL FREEZING. Did you catch how I slipped in “fur bean bag” in there? Yeah. I have one. And I decided they’re back. Pottery Barn Teen makes them and I am obsessed. (More to come on that). I got this one last week in the mail and it’s the perfect solution to having to sit on the cold, hard fireplace hearth. Now I can cozy up in a cushy beanbag! Aside from Neal rolling his eyes that “another fake dead animal showed up at our house while he was gone” the furry beanbag has been a welcome addition to the family. Last night was my Aunt Ann and Cousin Ally’s last night visiting us in Chicago! Neal’s mom and sister came over to meet them and it was so much fun! I made my mom’s “Christmas Eve Soup” (fun fact, I shared it as one of my first ever blog posts here if you want to see some REALLY bad photos and content. HAHA!) Maybeeee I should update that one  We had wine and soup and it was the perfect end to a chilly winter day. (I say chilly because it was freezing in my house. I didn’t even go outside!) Anyway, speaking of cold. Have you started researching “Christmas Outfit Ideas” yet? I ask because, you know–experience. I always feel like I’m scrambling for festive attire right before a party or the day before Christmas Eve, and then I have to jump onto Pinterest to search “Christmas Outfit Ideas” and piece together something I already own. (I’m the worst procrastinator.) This shirt has always been a lifesaver in the winter because it’s the perfect party button-down. I got it last year (but found an identical version by J.Crew), and I’ve worn it so many times around the holidays because of the festive pattern. Button downs are great for any occasion because they look adorable with jeans and boots, or dressed up with a skirt and heels. (This one and this one are both really cute and would perfect for Christmas outfits, too!) Here, I went with it paired with a black mini skirt (another versatile wardrobe must-have! This one is so cute–it has scallops!), a faux fur scarf (so cozy!) and my favorite lace-up heels. (For how beautiful they are–can you believe they aren’t uncomfortable? I mean, as far as heels go–I’d go as far as to say they’re comfortable! They also come in so many colors!) If you’re traveling for the holidays, you definitely want to have one in your suitcase, because you can make them work for so many different Christmas events! (I’m actually working on a “holiday packing” post that will be coming later this week!) Later today I’m heading over to Lincoln Park to shoot a fun post with Kelly, Emma, and Julie, so I’m really excited about that. Then afterwords, its GIRLS NIGHT! It’s been so long since Blair, Kelly, Shaheen found time to get together with the four of us–we’re going to Rangoli (The best Indian food in the city, according to Shaheen, so we’re VERY excited.) It’s also BYOB, so obviously PERFECT for girls night ;-P     Shop this post:    Photos by Jules Kennedy  Filed Under: Holiday, Outfits, Style  
Kristina Anderson says  December 6, 2016 at 8:31 am Omg a faux fur bean bag?! Must… have…  Kristina does the Internets 
Aoife @ Polished & Pink says  December 6, 2016 at 9:13 am You look perfect, I love your gorgeous cuff bracelet! I can’t wait to see your holiday packing list, I’m traveling for a full month, so I’m sure it’ll be super helpful. 
Rachel Spross says  December 6, 2016 at 10:20 am I love that top! It’s the perfect casual thing to wear for the holidays. I really like how you styled it  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/bronze-crop-top/ 
Britney says  December 6, 2016 at 10:32 am Great outfit! Love the plaid and those shoes! 
Gentry says  December 6, 2016 at 10:42 am I love how you dressed up your plaid here- such a cute outfit! And that faux fur beanbag sounds like a dream!! 
TheVagabondWayfarer says  December 6, 2016 at 2:13 pm You make plaid look so dressy.
http://thevagabondwayfarer.com/ 
Taylor Martin says  December 6, 2016 at 3:20 pm I’m right there with you on the freezing apartment – I thought I would have learned my lesson from my first apartment with little to no insulation and leaky windows.. now I have an entire exposed brick wall (so pretty!) that is the same wall with three windows (so cold!) Thankful for my flannel sheets and electric blanket!  Such a cute outfit for the holidays! I just got this adorable green and navy plaid shirt dress from Loft that I think is too good to pass up for Christmas eve. Also, that soup looks delicious and I already bookmarked it to try this weekend!  Happy Tuesday!  xo, Taylor 
Jess says  December 6, 2016 at 11:52 pm OMG I know what you mean on the exposed brick, our old place sounds just like yours and it was SO. COLD. Our living room is one wall full of windows so I should’ve known it would be freezing ;-P I also need to check out this adorable green and navy plaid shirt from Loft that you speak of!! I hope you like the soup  xoxo 
Christina says  December 7, 2016 at 4:07 pm I’m obsessed with plaid around the holiday season, but I never thought of pairing a plaid button down with a skirt. It looks so cute! Also I looked up that fur bean bag chair and it is awesome! I love how big it is and perfect for cuddling up by the fire with coffee and a book. I never had a bean bag chair, but I did have an inflatable chair, and I can’t ever see those making a come back. They really aren’t that comfy! Christina
http://www.asentimentaladventure.com Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Maxi Dresses, Yellow Bikinis, Denim Mini Skirts, Tassel Earrings and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog August 2, 2017   I remember starting my first corporate job right after college graduation–I was so excited to have my own apartment, to live on my own, to make my own money (or lack thereof), and I was even excited to wear “work clothes.” Unfortunately, that joy lasted all of five seconds, when I realized that I would have to spend my hard earned money on clothing that would never see the light of a Saturday or a date night. (What?!) Business casual dress code is HARD–pencil skirts, office pants, no open toed shoes, pantyhose–the whole nine yards. However, if you choose your pieces wisely, you can actually make them work for both work and play! 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

I’ve received a lot of questions from you guys on how to pick out cute business-casual wear, so I definitely plan on incorporating more “work-worthy” pieces in future outfit posts. However, I didn’t have time to shoot an “office appropriate” post before the Nordstrom Sale ended, and there are so many good workwear pieces on sale so, this round up will have to do for now  Here are my 20 favorite work appropriate clothes you’ll want to wear on the weekend, too! (Remember, prices go up on Monday!) Any corporate girl can vouch that there is often no colder place than an office cubicle. I used to keep a sweater on my desk chair at all times, and this longline cardigan is perfect for keeping you warm in the freezing office! I’ve got my eye on this adorable faux leather skirt! While you might automatically think it’s perfect for Saturday night, you can make it office appropriate by adding opaque tights and chunky heeled booties or mary janes! You heard me rave about Ponte pants earlier this week, and for good reason. I seriously cannot get enough of these pants! They feel like leggings, but look really professional. You can wear them with pumps to work, with sneakers to brunch, and anywhere in between. I’m not sure I can think of anywhere I wouldn’t wear this adorable bell sleeved ruffle sweater! This is a staple that you’ll wear to death for every occasion. I love this top! It comes in tons of colors and will look beautiful with a pencil skirt for work, tucked into jean shorts for a casual Saturday, or with a mini skirt and OTK boots for a fall dinner date! My favorite leather tote–it’s the perfect thing to carry all your essentials–it easily fits my laptop, a sweater, even my camera, all at the same time! I love the cuffs on this french stripe shirt. They dress it up and make it office appropriate, but it can just as easily be dressed down with distressed jeans and sneakers. A subtle way to spice up your office wear? With leopard! I love these Sam Edelman pumps–I have a very similar version! They’re also comfortable, and the ankle strap comes in really handy when you’re running late for a meeting! A ballet pink bell sleeved number that you can wear just about anywhere! (Your boss will approve.) Can you tell I have a thing for bell sleeves!? This sweater is so chic with the white contrast detail on the sleeve! It reminds me of something Audrey Hepburn might wear! Never underestimate the versatility of a great shirt dress! No matter what your office dress code, you can easily make these one of your staples! It would be great for a warm weather vacation, too! Pajama shirts are very in right now, and I am a big fan! I love the contrast piping on this, and it looks so pretty tucked into a skirt for work, or with your favorite high-waisted skinny jeans for Saturday night! Pleated midi skirts are currently having a moment in the spotlight, and I love that they feel on-trend and timeless at the same time. The length also makes them very office appropriate! I think every woman needs a couple flowy, feminine blouses in her closet. I especially love the bow–it’s classy enough for the office, but romantic enough for a date! My latest footwear obsession–Mary Janes! These have a round toe and a chunky heel, which make them super comfy and classic! Appropriate for the office, but also adorable with jeans for a date. Stripes, stripes, and more stripes! Wear this with ponte pants and chic ballet flats (bonus points if they’re red!) I bet you never thought you could make your work-wear feel Parisian, right? Another PJ shirt–but a chambray button down version! What’s not to love? Wear it with slacks, ponte pants, leggings, jorts, white jeans, leather leggings–it literally goes with everything. If you’re bored of your usual dark office pants, these might be worth the splurge! They would also look so cute with a slinky tank and some fun heels to go out on Friday night! Instead of a regular old poplin button down, why not go for one that makes a fun statement?   This sweater looks so cozy and comfy! Tuck it into a skirt and tights for the office, and wear with leggings and loafers on the plane! I also own a similar pair of classic nude patent leather pumps and they have lasted me several years. They’re great for the office, but also great for weddings! Another essential in combatting in-office chill, this cozy cardigan is such a steal, you might want to buy two–one for home, one for the office! Filed Under: Nordstrom Anniversary Sale, Outfits, Shop, Style  
Caitlin Edwards says  August 2, 2017 at 12:47 pm Great post! I love that Lush top! Okay… I love most Lush dresses and tops! http://www.themilestraveled.com 
Britney Crawley says  August 2, 2017 at 2:44 pm These are such great styles! I used to work in a more corporate environment, but my office now is super casual. I could definitely see these working well for business/business casual offices. love that dot top you have on too! Great picks! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop High Rise Skinny Jeans, Blue Cocktail Dresses, White Bikinis Bottom, Off Shoulder Black Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 6, 2014  You’ve gotta get creative during the Winter months in the Midwest. Just when I thought I couldn’t take another sweater & jeans combination, I remembered this little springy tunic I scored at a thrift store in Bucktown a couple years ago. It made the perfect layer to wear under my favorite Vince sweater (which my coworkers can tell you, I wear probably a little TOO often). We all have a long list of spring and summer blouses that typically don’t circulate back into our routines until at least April, but when paired under a sweater- they become the perfect accessory to a low key, but feminine outfit. In February.  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Blouse: Vintage, Jeans: Paige Denim, Sweater: Vince (from Nordstrom Rack, but similar below), Boots: Zara (sold out, similar below), Purse: Kate Spade Gold Coast Christy Bag (sold out- but you can actually find them on eBay!), Necklace: Vintage        Shop Layer It On:   Filed Under: Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Red Rompers, Trendy Tops, Black Turtleneck Sweaters, Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog May 5, 2016   Shop the collage: 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 / 5 / 6 / 7 / 8 / 9 Wahoooooo! As you’re reading this I will likely already be in Florida! We’re catching a 6:40AM flight out (yikes!) and will be on the beach before we know it. (Dare I say, I might even get a tan?) For those of you who didn’t catch it on Instagram–I’m headed to a wedding in West Palm Beach! I’ve only been to Florida ONCE in my entire life (can you believe this?) so to say I’m excited might be a bit of an understatement.  This week was kind of a blur, trying to cram an entire work week into just three days before heading off for vacation. (So sorry about the whole lack of blog post yesterday!) But I accomplished most of my to-do list, which I suppose is all anyone can actually hope for, right? 




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

If you’re also headed for a beach vacation soon, I pulled together some of my favorite beachy items above! (Also, if you’re in the market for a suitcase, I can’t recommend this one enough! I did a whole review of it right here.)  I also got a hot pink manicure and a spray tan today that would make Mattel proud. A look I like to call, “Accidental Barbie.” Whoops. (I guess when in West Palm, right?) Also, I would not recommend getting a spray tan after doing hot yoga. Clearly I didn’t think through the “not being able to shower for 12 hours” thing carefully. Poor Neal has to sleep next to me tonight. Ew. One final note, ShopBop is having a huge surprise sale with TONS of really cute vacation-ready items! (Well, and non-vacation ready also, if that’s more your speed.) J.Crew is  doing the same thing, with 30% off warm weather sale items. By the way, yes, you DO see monogrammed Keds in the photo above! I’m so obsessed with them, I made them with Keds Custom Studio!  See you tomorrow! I’ve got a pretty good Mother’s Day post cued up, so make sure to stop by   Shop more beachy favorites:    Filed Under: Style, Travel  
Catherine Marks says  May 5, 2016 at 6:25 am Have the best time in Florida! Jealous! I am going on a weekend beach trip with my husband’s family over Memorial Day, so this arrives just in time. I love the suitcase and monogrammed keds!
xo,
Catherine
http://www.classiccatherine.com 
Kristina Anderson says  May 5, 2016 at 10:06 pm You’ve only been to Florida once?!! I always joke that half the times I’ve gotten on a plane it’s been to Florida, and I don’t even like it that much  . Hope you have a great time!! Kristina does the Internets Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Designer Gowns On Sale, Fashion Jewelry, Lariats, Heeled Sandals and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog November 30, 2017  I can’t believe it’s time to dive into GIFT GUIDES, you guys! Oh my goodness! I figured I would kick them all off with something I didn’t do last year, but I thought would be a nice way to come out of the gate just a couple days after Giving Tuesday–and, you know, given the state of the world at the moment, why not help to make it a better place while shopping for your loved ones all at the same time? Here are 12 fun gifts that help give back to those in need–gifts, I might add, that anyone would love to open on Christmas morning!  Love Your Melon makes the cutest cozy beanies that anyone would love, and the organization is dedicated to giving a hat to every child battling cancer in America as well as supporting nonprofit organizations who lead the fight against pediatric cancer. This company makes the most beautiful minimalistic notebooks (even velvet covered ones!) and a portion of every notebook sold is donated to Pencils of Promise. You guys know this is one of my FAVORITE brands! I love their 100% Human line, which benefits the ACLU. As well as their 100% woman line, which benefits Equality Now. I love when I pass someone on the street wearing one of these sweatshirts! (I have this one and wear it all the time!) Who doesn’t love an awesome water bottle? Swell makes really popular ones in just about every color under the sun, and a portion of every bottle sold goes to UNICEF to help provide clean drinking water to children around the world. I think this might win coolest, most creative gift idea. It’s the concept of lottery scratch-offs, but for charity! The winning prize of each card is one of our four basic needs gifts: literacy tools, clean water, nutritious meals or solar energy. The game is the same as a typical scratch off ticket, but you must match icons (instead of numbers). Flip the card over to learn more about the winning donation. Every card is a winner! Who doesn’t love gourmet coffee that helps pups in need!? An organization near and dear to my heart, I am all-in for anything that helps St. Jude! This spatula would make the cutest stocking stuffer to anyone who loves to cook! I’ve had my eye on these sneakers for awhile now! They are so cute and I’ve heard so many good things about them! The great thing is that for EVERY pair of TOMS purchased, another pair goes to someone in need! I am in LOVE with this tote that any Francophile will love, which Clare Viver created in partnership with Every Mother Counts on their Orange Rose Mother’s Day Collection to make pregnancy and childbirth safe for every mother, everywhere. 100% of the proceeds for each bag sold go to Every Mother Counts! Nest makes the most incredible smelling candles, and this one benefits an organization very near and dear to our hearts–Autism Speaks! I first discovered Bare soaps years back when I first started blogging! I absolutely LOVE all of their products! The company was founded with the goals of: 1. to educate and provide an all-natural product for those at home and 2. to create a sustainable sanitation program for the children in Kaberamaido, Uganda. They’ve seen so much success that they have expanded to benefit the Kalwa slum in India as well, providing women with fair wage jobs. The company also reinvests 20% of its profits to economic development. I love Kiehls products, as does Neal! If you’re planning to stock up on some of their goodies this season, consider purchasing the Disney partnership products, which benefit Feeding America. Each of these gift sets sold helps provide 212 meals to those in need! Pretty amazing, right? Also, if you’re hosting a holiday party make sure you know all of these easy holiday party tips. SaveSaveSaveSave Filed Under: Holiday, Shop  
tornado_ally says  November 30, 2017 at 8:34 am Thanks for this – I need to Christmas shop but I’ve been burnt out by the Black Friday madness! It’ll be nice to buy presents that have a positive impact. 
Kierstin Green says  November 30, 2017 at 2:59 pm The Giving Keys carry a line of jewelry pieces that are designed to inspire by having an inspirational or sentimental word etched into the product. Plus, every purchase made supports job creation for those transitioning out of homelessness and provides proceeds to help the homeless. Great story and make the perfect little gift for girlfriends, sisters, and mom’s! 
Bec says  November 30, 2017 at 10:15 pm Krotchet Kids International! I have bought a bunch of their things over the years and they have really expanded what they sell. But their mainstay products are knitwear and all of the beanies are super cute! Also in each one the tag is signed by the person who made it! 
Jamie says  December 1, 2017 at 10:44 am Love love love this! My MIL always asks us to donate to an organization for her Christmas gift but I am always left wanting to get her something, this is perfect! Just an FYI, the link for the St. Jude spatula takes you to the Tom’s page! […] Jess took a different take on gift guides with 12 gifts that give back […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Grey Leggings, Black Pumps Sale, Black Pumps Shoes, Modest Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog June 17, 2016  




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Gingham top: c/o Goodnight Macaroon (also obsessed with this flirty off the shoulder chambray version, and I also recently got this pom pom top // Skinnies: Henry and Belle // Lace-up flats: c/o Coach (on major sale, for just $99!)// Bag: Louis Vuitton (borrowed from Kelly) You can buy on this website and make monthly payments, which is really cool! Or, the Real Real always has great used designer bags!    Fridaaayyyyyyy yippeee! How has the week been?  Mine was a bit nuts, which I’m sure comes as a big shock to you–me always talking about how all over the place I am all the time and everything. Have you also felt like a complete spazz lately or is just me?  The reason for the spazziness? Well, we’ll get into that in a second, but for now–let’s talk about this outfit! I got this little gingham number a few weeks back (when I thought we were going to Nantucket, and in reality, that was really just a cover for Neal to pop the question! I still get SO giddy thinking about that weekend and can’t believe we’re getting married. Eeeeee!)  Anyway, this has become one of my go-to tops.  I probably pull it out of the closet once a week–it’s so lightweight and cool, and really–have you seen a more adorable top? I think not. Add some skinnies, and neutral lace-ups, and it’s the perfect weekday outfit. (Although, in hind sight, not the best footwear for a rainy day when we shot these! Whoops! Hehe.)  We took these outside of Kelly’s–it was the first time I had seen her wiener dog, Noodle (we’re very close, you know) for over a month and a half! It was quite the emotional reunion. (See photographic proof below.) Well, for me. I may have been more excited than Noodle about it, but that’s okay. (I think she forgot who I was for a few minutes?)  Anyway, to circle back to why I’ve been a complete spazz lately–Blair and I are holding our VERY FIRST Blogging For Keeps Webinar! (Eeeek!)  This might sound like an easy thing to do, but I completely underestimated how much work it would be. I’m so excited though, insanely blown away, and totally had an emotional tearing up moment yesterday over how many people we’ve had sign up so far! (You like us!? You really really like us!?)  I’m also a little terrified, you know–being live streaming on the internet and everything. (Not like that though. That actually sounds a little weird in hindsight. Haaa.)  Anyway, if you’re a blogger, or know someone who is interested in setting up their own WordPress website (or adding some cool features to one they already have!)–that’s what we’ll be covering, so head over to this page to get the scoop and sign up!          Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Jenn Lake says  June 17, 2016 at 6:17 am Such a great top – and that sparkly new accessory really helps make the outfit pop!  
Monica {Cake & Lilies} says  June 17, 2016 at 6:26 am Love the top, Jess!! And can’t wait for the webinar   Have a great weekend! 
Caitlin says  June 17, 2016 at 8:17 am That ring!!! :))) 
Rachel {Love This Life} says  June 17, 2016 at 8:18 am Such a great look – you are positively glowing! 
Kristina Anderson says  June 17, 2016 at 8:28 am Your top is so cute!! And I can never say no to a little gingham   Kristina does the Internets 
Mary Fremeau says  June 17, 2016 at 10:25 am You look gorgeous!! That top is amazing!
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  June 19, 2016 at 5:32 pm I adore that bag! 
Karly @ Miss in the Midwest says  June 20, 2016 at 12:12 pm Such a cute top/outfit on you! Perfect for summer. Can’t wait for your webinar! 
Lindsey Simon says  June 20, 2016 at 3:56 pm Loving that top! Super cute photos! Love, Lindsey
http://www.thenomisniche.com/ 
Jessica says  June 20, 2016 at 9:11 pm Oh, I’m sure Noodle couldn’t forget you!   You know what looks good with this gingham top? That engagement ring! Heck, I’m sure it looks fab with everything in your closet! Congrats again! http://bedknobsandbaubles.com/ Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop White Lace Dresses, Camis And Tanks, Blue Jumpsuits, White Long Sleeve Tees and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog March 8, 2017     Scalloped Blue Sweater: Club Monaco (under $100!) also comes in a striped version, and the CUTEST version with an embroidered collar! Also can we talk about this cold shoulder sweater with bows!? // Jeans: Levi’s 721 jeans (On major sale for $39! I can’t find this exact wash anywhere online anymore but this pair is really similar, as is this slightly lower-rise, cropped version!) // Sneakers: Jack Purcell (also love this classic pair) // Sunnies: KREWE c/o Tuckernuck (also love this darker tortoise color)// Leather jacket: Old, but really similar versions here (my favorite!), here (this one’s 50% off!), and here (45% off!) // Bag: Vintage Louis Vuitton Speedy 25 bag–the best place to shop used/vintage designer bags is on The Real Real–they have quite a few right now in great condition starting at $500! (This one you can get 20% off right now with code PARIS–so you can snag an LV Speedy for $400! I love this bag and it’s been my everyday purse for years!) // Necklace: Helen Ficalora, but identical here for less! // Makeup: Burberry Fresh Glow foundation with Benefit pore minimizing primer, “Sheer Luminous” concealer (it’s the best one I’ve found for my under-eyes!) and Burberry Fresh Glow Luminous Fluid base (total splurge but I love this stuff!), “earthy” blush, lip contour + nude lip balm , Dior mascara. Waaaahoooo! We’re halfway through the week! Has it been a good one for you so far? Monday started off a little meh for me personally, but Tuesday definitely made up for it! I took a morning yoga class instead of my regular nightly one–it helped SO much! It really started my day off on the right note. I also pushed myself to take a sculpt class (because…T-6 months till the wedding!) so I felt more accomplished than usual. On my way home I grabbed lunch at Goddess and Grocer (one of my favorite hangouts) and caught up with my mom. I also stopped into David’s Tea on the way home–have you ever been there? OMG it’s such a geek-out fest for me. Neal makes fun of me and is always like “hereeee we go again”–he thinks it’s bizarre that I like to stop in and sniff all the teas.  Two really great things I learned: Maté teas have a good amount of caffeine in them–comparable to coffee, sometimes more! I got one iced and it gave me so much energy but none of the jitters–it was amazing! I also got some vanilla matcha to take home–admittedly, I think matcha tastes like grass, but I was assured this was the “least grassy matcha with a hint of vanilla” so I figured–why not? I added it to my green smoothie this morning and it was GREAT! (Okay, still SLIGHTLY grassy, but nothing I couldn’t handle.) So basically I just combined caffeine and breakfast in one cup and I’m feeling pretty accomplished about it. Anyway, we snapped these photos across the street from the hotel on our last day in LA–we stayed in Beverly Hills at the cutest hotel called The Crescent. If you’re headed to LA, I’d highly recommend this place. It was really affordable (probably because it doesn’t have a pool, but hey–I like more money in my wallet more than I like pools.) After this we packed up the car and drove to Venice Beach to spend a couple hours before heading to the airport. This adorable light springy sweater from Club Monaco was perfect for walking around LA. (It has tiny scallops on the neckline and sleeves!) I love that it’s really lightweight and versatile–you can also dress it up for work–and it’s only $89! It comes in a bunch of colors/varieties, too! I’m totally wearing it with white jeans and maybe these heels (do we like these?!) for Easter. It also looks adorable with my favorite blush oxfords from Everlane. You can make so many cute spring outfits with just this one sweater!  Shop all variations of this sweater:    I’ve been shopping more and more at Club Monaco lately–I had always loved their clothing but remember their price points being a little out of my range, but recently I stopped in and discovered they have a lot of really great classic items under $200! They are one of my new go-to brands! (Also, their manager at the Bucktown location, Matt, is the best! If you stop in, tell him I say hi!) They offer free shipping on their site for orders over $150 and you can always find some really good stuff on sale. My classic Levi jeans are one of the two pairs I reach for always (the others are the J.Brand Maria high-waisted skinny jeans which are super flattering!) Admittedly I cannot find this exact wash anywhere online anymore, but this pair is super similar! Levi’s are awesome–they’re really comfortable, classic and super affordable!  These Jack Purcell sneakers are also one of my favorite travel companions. Admittedly they did take a little bit to break in (you NEED these blister pads in your purse at all times for life in general, but they came in handy while breaking these in especially. I’ve tried pretty much every other brand and nothing compares to these!)  Also, despite being sneakers, they still look really classic and polished–which I love! If you’re worried about scuffing them or getting them dirty, just give them a once-over with Scotchgard. (It’s magical. I LOVE this stuff! I may or may not have sprayed it on my white pants too, haha!)      (By the way, Neal took these photos. How good is he getting? Love you babe!) Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Rachel Spross says  March 8, 2017 at 8:41 am Those sneakers are too cute! Love this entire look  -Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/ 
Elissa Shortridge says  March 8, 2017 at 9:40 am LOVE David’s Tea! I can’t drink coffee, even decaf, so tea is a lifesaver for me in the mornings. I love stopping in and sniffing all the teas – they have one called ‘Birthday Cake’ that smells just like cake, and even has sprinkles in it! Try their Vanilla Oolong sometime; it’s my favorite. 
Devon says  March 8, 2017 at 11:53 am Love the scalloped detail on the sweater!! So cute! xo Devon Seventeen Dresses 
Alicia DeAngelis says  March 8, 2017 at 12:45 pm Love this! Glad to know I’m not alone in my love for Scotchguard! I have also been known to spray it on all my white and nude shoes and yes even white jeans! Hey it works ? 
Diana Pearl says  March 8, 2017 at 1:25 pm I’m obsessed with everything Club Monaco! This sweater is especially cute. And I need to look into Scotchguard. Can you just use it on white items? Or would like blush be okay too? x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Megan says  March 8, 2017 at 3:44 pm Cutest sweater and love this causal look so much! Also major snaps for Neal // http://lifeplusbe.com/ 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  March 8, 2017 at 7:22 pm Such a cute and casual look and so jealous of your time in LA! Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Bralettes, Dress Pumps, Wide Leg Jeans, Long Sleeve Maxi Dresses and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog February 28, 2019  Today’s outfit inspiration created in partnership with Lord & Taylor and Shopstyle!
  The spring wardrobe fun continues today! Hooray!  I’m excited to be teaming up with Lord and Taylor styling some adorable ON SALE spring items that you can wear now and later. (Because it’s the worst when you buy something so cute and have to wait forever to wear it, right?!)  I shot this at our hotel, Mountain Shadows (which I’d highly recommend, it’s STUNNING!) when I was in Scottsdale for a conference last week–I actually got to meet with the Lord and Taylor team in person! It was so great to get to know them a bit more in depth, and fun to see their enthusiasm for everything they’ve got coming down the pipeline this year!  If you haven’t shopped at Lord and Taylor for awhile, you should! They also carry a lot of my favorite brands (and your favorites too!) like…  Miss Selfridge: This happens to be the brand that makes this cute little frock that I’m wearing in today’s post! Miss Selfridge is probably my #1 favorite brand to shop at Lord and Taylor. If you’re a fan of Topshop, you’ll love Miss Selfridge! Their items are affordable and allow you to experiment with trends without breaking the bank!  Mango: They carry SO much cute Mango stuff! If you’re looking to stock up on some awesome spring finds on a budget, I highly recommend perusing through their Mango selection!  BB Dakota: I’ve been wearing BB Dakota as far back into my adulthood as I can remember ? It’s one of my favorite brands––they also happen to be the brand that makes my super cute faux fur shrug you see me wear in today’s post, too! ? Blondo: I would be remiss if I didn’t mention that Lord and Taylor carries a VERY impressive selection of my favorite winter boots! Every pair they make is waterproof suede––an essential for any cold-weather dweller!  Lord & Taylor brand: The retailer’s namesake label is great for super affordable and versatile wardrobe staples–plus, they have extended sizes, which is awesome! Lord and Taylor shoes are especially adorable–like the bow pumps I’m wearing in today’s post!  French Connection: Known for their versatile pieces with a feminine flair, and the makers of this very cute moto jacket I’m wearing in my last look of this post!  Splendid: My favorite brand for the comfiest clothes and loungewear around–right now their PJ’s are on sale! ?? WAYF: One of my go-to brands for feminine, on-trend dresses that won’t break the bank! (They’re all on sale right now too!)  …Okay, now, let’s get into this cute little floral number I’m wearing today, and three different ways to style it!   Dainty Floral Dress: On Sale for $55.20!  The star of today’s show: the little floral dress!  A dress like this is sneakily one of the most versatile pieces you can have in your wardrobe! Because it’s a subtle, darker floral, that means you can wear it now when it’s still cold (and next fall and winter!) without it feeling too bright or over the top. I also love the button-front detail that makes it feel sweet and feminine! Sizing: It runs true to size–if in question, you can size up. I went with a 2 and it fit great.  Suede Bow Pumps: On sale for $65!  For a dressier look–like a date or drinks with the girls, I love adding these pumps! These are an awesome all-weather heel that feels perfectly springy, but the closed toes add a little extra warmth, so you’ll want to wear them when it’s chilly, too! I was actually very pleasantly surprised at how comfortable they are for the price point!  Sizing: True to size!  Faux Fur Shrug: On sale for $49!  I’ve been wanting a little faux fur cropped shrug FOR-EVER (or should I say FAUX EVER….FUR EVER?! ?) I was so happy when this one went on sale! It’s BB Dakota, which is one of my favorite brands–you’ll definitely want to snag it while it’s marked down so you can wear it now with all your spring dresses, as well as next fall and winter, too!  Sizing: True to size, I went with XS.       The first look with feminine heels might have been a no-brainer, but for something more out of the box–try this: Give this look a twist with a more masculine element like loafers–and you’ve got a whole new look! Add tights to make it warm as well as office-appropriate. To dress it up even more, you could add a blazer as well!  Patent leather loafers: on sale for $65! I fell in LOVE with these Steve Madden loafers the second I saw them. Also, I have regular black loafers already, but the patent leather makes them dressier and so much more fun! I saw a girl wearing an outfit exactly like this one when I was at a friend’s birthday party–I immediately went home and stalked the internet to find patent leather loafers––and voila! Lord and Taylor carried the perfect pair! I hope I run into that girl again so I can tell her she inspired this entire look ?     Last but not least, this one is perfect for a night out––whether that be with a date or the girls. Here I’m wearing the same adorable bow pumps you saw above, but with a simple layer switch–you have a whole new outfit! This time I styled the dress with this cream colored moto jacket. (Classic Juxtaposition rule at play here. ?) The edginess of the jacket tones down the sweetness of the dress and the shoes, giving it a little more attitude! The neutral color plays well off of both elements, while the suede adds a new layer of texture to make the outfit even more interesting! Neutral Suede Moto Jacket: on sale! I’ve been wanting to add a light neutral colored jacket to my wardrobe for a long time now, and I’m so glad I finally scored this one! It’s SUPER soft and really love the light cream color–it’s perfect for spring (or making a winter outfit feel springier ?) and I think moto jackets are a really great wardrobe weapon to have in your arsenal–they always make what you’re wearing more interesting, even if it’s just a t-shirt and jeans!     Huge thanks to Lord and Taylor for sponsoring this post! All opinions are 100% my own. Thanks for supporting the amazing brands that support me and allow me to keep creating the best possible content for you guys! ? Photos by the wonderful Heather Kinkel–I would highly recommend her if you need a Phoenix photographer!    Check out My 3 Best Tips for Workout Motivation, and Feminine Winter Must-Haves. Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Megha says  February 28, 2019 at 10:08 am Hey I just love your content and your website. Your fashion is amazing and inspiration to many people, keep up the good work. Looking forward for more amazing content from your site. 
Erica says  March 1, 2019 at 11:06 am I’m so happy you posted this, and such a coincidence!! Because I was shopping on Mango the other day and really wanted to order this shirt but I read a ton of horrible reviews about Mango shipping to the states and losing packages and stuff. So I didn’t order it. But then I learned from your post that Lord & Taylor carries Mango, which i had no idea about, and they have the shirt on sale!! Woop woop! thank you! 
sophie says  March 5, 2019 at 5:19 am this post is very helpful for me thanks author for this post. this post is awesome Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Graphic Hoodies, White Bikinis Bottom, Blue Jumpsuits, Soludos Espadrilles and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 27, 2016   Coat: Barbour Beadnell (available at both Nordstrom and Tuckernuck) Comes in deeper green color, navy, and black, too! I also love the quilted version (I want it so badly in navy! Kelly has it and it’s her favorite ever jacket–I think she’s convinced me that I need one ;-)) // Striped turtleneck: J.Crew, identical here (also love this reversed-out version) and this mock-neck version! // Scarf: old, but a perfect replica here, and I also love this pumpkin-colored one that is so festive, this one and this one! // Boots: c/o Sole Society (they also come in a pretty chestnut color)–available here and also at Nordstrom. // Jeans: Levi’s 711 jeans 
Well guys, not sure if you’ve been experiencing the same this week, but FALL HAS ARRIVED.




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

It’s cold, rainy, and hibernation mode has kicked in quite a few times this week. Luckily the forecast is supposed to take a warmer, sunnier turn over the next few days–so I can resume wearing this classic fall outfit of mine on repeat. Much to my fiancé’s (and your own significant others’) dismay–ITS TURTLENECK SEASON AGAIN! Super soft, thin turtlenecks are my very favorite things to wear. They might top the list as favorite wardrobe items. Neal, however, disagrees, referring to them as my “granny shirts.” (Which I do not take offense to, as my Granny was one of the coolest women to ever walk the earth and she also loved her turtlenecks. I suppose the turtleneck loving quality runs in the family.) Another fall wardrobe combo that will never go out of style: stripes and plaids. I don’t know what it is about them, but they’re like the peanut butter and jelly of my closet. When mixing any patterns, the general rule I follow is one small pattern + one larger pattern, so busy, thin stripes paired with a bold plaid works perfectly. My new favorite memory associated with this scarf is when we were up at the lake house recently, and Neal’s dad joked, “Jess, are you cold? I couldn’t help but notice the blanket you have wrapped around your throat.” I then proceeded to educate him on the concept of “blanket scarves”–he thought I was kidding. *Mind blown* (Noted on what to get him for Christmas.) Baha! Love him. Okay moving on–I couldn’t get through this post without talking about my favorite jacket in the whole world, could I? If you don’t yet own a Barbour Beadnell jacket, you’re truly missing out. It’s not too heavy, but very, very warm. I’m such a sucker for wardrobe classics (me? really?) and this is about as classic as they come. A Barbour coat will never go out of style, and it’s equally as practical as it is cute. It’s become my uniform paired with these jeans. (Are you getting sick of them yet? I can’t stop wearing them. I’ve tried.) Last but not least, the shoes! These pretties from Sole Society are the coolest color. Sometimes they’re reddish, sometimes they’re brownish, I don’t really care what color they are, because they add the perfect amount of spice to any outfit. I also wore them paired with this dress (majorly on sale!) for our engagement party last weekend–so cute!          Photos by Julie Kennedy Filed Under: Outfits, Style  
Kristina Anderson says  October 27, 2016 at 8:20 am Super cute girl!! Stripes & plaid for fall will forever be my favorite   Kristina does the Internets 
Samantha Tananbaum says  October 27, 2016 at 8:54 am Love everything about this! Seriously so happy that pattern mixing is not only allowed but encouraged  Those boots too…super cute! xx
Sam 
Diana Pearl says  October 27, 2016 at 9:54 am Love this look! I too am obsessed with turtlenecks — wearing my third one of the week! They’re just so cozy. I have the same Beadnell jacket and it’s been well-used this fall (sitting on the back of my chair as I type!) x Diana // http://www.dianapearl.com 
Blair @ The Fox & She says  October 27, 2016 at 10:27 am I love this outfit Jess! So perfect for fall  
TheVagabondWayfarer says  October 27, 2016 at 10:43 am This outfit is perfect for fall.
http://www.thevagabondwayfarer.com 
Rachel Spross says  October 27, 2016 at 10:53 am I love this look so much! When I think of fall, this is the outfit that comes to mind. I’m really liking that scarf!! xoxo
Rachel
http://thetrendytomboy.com/saffron-dress/ 
Erin @ Her Heartland Soul says  October 27, 2016 at 11:04 am I love this look on you! Especially that scarf and those boots! 
Cheers, J! says  October 27, 2016 at 12:27 pm Love this look Jess! You are killing it! Cheers, J 
Sara Mendoza says  October 27, 2016 at 10:04 pm Just ordered the boots from Nordie’s but the color you have on is out-of-stock of my size so I got the brown color instead and love the scarf, probably order that next:)……Love your entire outfit!!!!! 
Jess says  October 28, 2016 at 3:15 pm Try on Sole Society’s site–they will probably have them in stock!! Yay! Glad you love it lady! 
Britney says  October 28, 2016 at 9:46 pm Love this! It totally is the quintessential fall look! I also love a striped tee and some sort of outerwear (jacket, puffer vest) with a scarf, denim and boots.  […] love this outfit of […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Lace Midi Dresses, Kate Spade Outlet, Blue Dresses, Shoes Wedges and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 23, 2017  Have you guys heard about the 50% off sale at Ann Taylor and LOFT right now? It’s CRAZY! There are so many great deals to be had on sweaters, dresses, outerwear, and more! If you’ve been looking for versatile basics that are great for work and the weekend, this is definitely the best time to stock up. (I haven’t even seen a sale this good during Black Friday!) It’s been hard to narrow down my top favorites! So far, I’ve ordered this gorgeous camel wrap coat (for $99!) and this dress (just $45!) and I’m adding more to my cart as we speak! What are your favorites? Shop 30 of my picks below! Note, you can hover over to see the price, but that’s before the discount!  Make sure to enter the code “SHOPQUICK” for Ann Taylor and “FRIENDS” for LOFT to subtract 50% from your cart! Wahoo! For more versatile looks, definitely check out my Fall Capsule Wardrobe Remix posts!  Filed Under: Shop, Style  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Sweaters And Cardigans, Trendy Tops, Off White Lace Dresses, Citizens Of Humanity Skinny Jeans and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks The Golden Girl Chicago Fashion and Lifestyle Blog October 13, 2017   **Press play to watch the video!**  Happy Friday!! We’re back with our second post in the new Capsule Wardrobe Remix series! Today, we’re tackling the *not as tricky as you think* task of styling faux leather leggings in a versatile way. (I told you I’d prove to you that you can wear them tons of ways, didn’t I?!) I think that leather leggings are one of the more daunting trends out there right now. They seem a little hardcore at first glance. Sure, you know how to pull them off when going out to the bar with your girlfriends, but what about to a meeting? To a coffee date? To the airport? Or to brunch? Before we get into three ways to style them, let’s go over the items I styled with them here (you can also find the full list of all 21 October capsule items we talk about throughout this series here!) Leather leggings: First thing’s first, the star of today’s show! I’ve had mine for years, but I’ve heard amazing things about this Spanx pair in particular. (With a control top, even better!) Kelly and Shaheen swear by this control-top pair as well! This B.P. pair also has good reviews and is cheaper (just without control top!) Also, if you don’t want to commit to FULL faux leather leggings–I love this pair that just has one band of faux leather–so you get the effect but not the whole shebang, if you will. Leopard loafers: You’ll be seeing a LOT of these leopard loafers on this blog, because they really do make every outfit look instantly more stylish. Leopard always adds a ton of visual interest to any outfit, plus, they are truly the most comfortable shoes I have ever put on my feet. They required zero break-in, no blisters–ever! Heeled Booties: These booties by 1.State go with everything I own, they are SO comfy, and are only $99! I love the shape of the toe and the fact that they’re cut out in the back too, which adds a little more visual interest! Because of the shape and color, they also help to elongate your leg, which is hard to find in a bootie, as most of the time they can cut you off at the ankles and make your legs look stubby! (You also saw them worn in my outfit post earlier this week!) I also just got these booties from Bloomingdales that I’m obsessed with if you’re looking for a more classic style. White Sneakers: It’s no secret that I love my white sneakers. I’ve just about worn these Jack Purcells into the ground. Keds or white Converse are also great options. They are comfortable once you break them in and they look so classic, crisp, and timeless. They’re fantastic for travel and I often wear them to bop around the city on the weekends. Striped tee: I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again–when in doubt, choose a layer with stripes! I’ve found that classic black and white stripes add a lot more visual interest to your outfit than just a standard grey or white t-shirt. Plus, they look really cute mixed with other patterns, like leopard, or plaid! Again, mine featured here is old but this one is basically the exact same! I also love J.Crew’s striped “Perfect Tee.” White button down: Often, the classic white button down gets forgotten about once you’ve moved past that “first office job post college” phase–and it’s a shame! White button downs are one of my favorite layers all year round–they look adorable with jean shorts and just as cute layered under sweaters, over leather leggings, or tucked into boyfriend jeans. If you’re looking to look polished and classy but still chic and on-trend, this is one of the easiest ways to do it! Chunky cardigan: Another one you got a little glimpse of a few outfit posts back–this sweater by Free People (I also love this similar one) is so soft and cozy it’s to-die for! Cardigans are essentials in the fall and winter because of how easily you can throw them on over whatever you’re wearing–this one is great to keep at your desk or pull on when you wake up on a cool October morning! (Or…January morning, let’s be real. Haha!) Convertible sweater: This sweater, you guys, is probably one of the most versatile things you could buy this entire year. It’s both cowl neck and off the shoulder, you can wear it as a tunic or tuck it into high-waisted jeans or even a skirt. There are ENDLESS ways you can wear it and to top it off, it just might be one of the softest things I’ve ever purchased. (Oh, it comes in lot’s of colors too!) Leather tote: The Madewell Transport tote making the capsule wardrobe cut comes as a shock to absolutely none of you, I am sure. It’s my everything bag. Work, travel, groceries–whatever, this is always the bag I’m reaching for and it comes in several styles and colors as well. Plaid scarf: Of course, what fall wardrobe is complete without a plaid scarf? I love this one, this one, this one and this one, if you’re in the market for a new one! I love this one, this one, this one, and this one! Okay–now that we’ve gone over our essentials, let’s jump into how to style them, three ways! Great for a lunch meeting or post-work happy hour!      When I worked in advertising, outfits like this were my bread and butter! If you work in a similar environment that is more casual, yet still professional, you will get so much wear out of these. Why I love this combo: The crisp white button down makes it smart and classic for the office. It also accomplishes the task of covering your booty–which, as you can imagine, makes it more professional!) Going out afterwords? Tuck it in to make it feel more appropriate for a bar! The fact that the boots have heels also make them a bit more formal, without sacrificing comfort. I would spend what seemed like hours each week running back and forth from the creative department and down the halls in between meetings. Heeled booties with a thick heel were always my favorite–they never rubbed or killed my feet! (Great for a casual Friday at the office, or leisurely brunch!)   Fun trick: Always try to mix up and get creative with your layering. Often we think of layers as adding more over the top, but remember, you can always layer underneath, too. For example, the idea of wearing this cowl neck sweater with leather leggings might not feel creative. However, layering that white button down underneath, and adding a pop of leopard–does! This look would’ve been great for me for a casual Friday at the office, and it’s a perfect go-to outfit to hang out with friends–whether that be brunch, or to the movies–when you want to look pulled together but still want to feel like you’re in your pajamas! I also think leather leggings are a great essential for busy moms in particular because they are as easy to wear as regular leggings, but they are far more stylish and an easy way to make a statement. Also–perhaps an even bigger win: they don’t stain and are virtually food, stain, and liquid repellent!     A comfy + chic travel outfit!   I don’t know about you, but 99% of the time I am either dying of heat exhaustion or I feel like I’m sitting in an ice box at-risk for losing my toes. (I have bad circulation. My feet literally turn blue.) Anyway, that’s where–you guessed it–layers come in! A chunky cardigan like this one doesn’t just keep you warm, but it makes a stylish statement. A regular old cardigan just isn’t as exciting. It also adds in another fun textural element that this outfit would otherwise be lacking. This is why this outfit makes a perfect great go-to for travel (especially on airplanes where I want to die of cold.) By the way, this isn’t part of the capsule, but this suitcase is my favorite travel companion–I did a whole review on it here. Why this outfit works: you have a bit of pattern (stripes). You also have two different textures (chunky knit + faux leather). You’re also maintaining classic and flattering silhouettes! The leggings are high-rise and the shirt is tucked in. Both define the waist at it’s thinnest point and elongates the leg at the same time! The shoes also bring in a crisp, classic element and they’re a nice juxtaposition against the edgier leather leggings. (For a more “athleisure” type take, you can style this look with your favorite Nikes, and it would look just as cute!)
   Shop this post:    Photos and video by Cassandra Eldridge  Filed Under: Capsule Wardrobe Remix, Outfits, Style Tagged With: leather leggings 
Dr. Golden Axe says  October 13, 2017 at 1:55 pm Great article
Keep writing
Via sipofwellness.com 
janice says  October 13, 2017 at 6:17 pm Hi Jess, None of the links seem to work! So frustrating! 
Jess says  October 13, 2017 at 7:37 pm Hi Janice! I’m so sorry about that! Thank you so much for letting me know–there’s definitely a bug in my linking system. I’ve updated the links–I think I got them all–if you could refresh the page and see if they’re working–can you let me know? Thank you again!! 
Shaheen Khan | Lows to Luxe says  October 15, 2017 at 9:53 am So cute! I can’t wait to wear mine this fall and may need those leopard shoes now… 
Clara DV says  October 15, 2017 at 11:01 am Very cute! I’m gonna go check out those leggings you linked.  Also, I was wondering if you could do a quick tutorial on your high ponytail. It looks so cute and fun and I never seem to get mine right. Thanks! 
Mary Fremeau says  October 15, 2017 at 8:59 pm soooo cute! I love all three looks for different reasons. You look so pretty!! Seriously gorg.
xxoo
Mary
http://www.BelleOnTrend.com […] There are quite a few pairs of faux leather leggings on sale! They’re one of my favorite wardrobe staples for fall and winter–for more ideas on how to style them, see my post “how to style leather leggings.” […] Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

    Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles   Use Code MORE19 for 25% Off Sale Styles Shop Short Sleeved Blouses, Turtlenecks On Sale, Gold Pumps Shoes, Pink Flats and more. Get this widget. Copyright© 2019 · Brunch Pro Theme by Shay Bocks